Exhibit 99.1

NVIDIA AI Ecosystem Expands as Marvell Joins Forces Through NVLink

Fusion

Collaboration Delivers Greater Choice and Flexibility for Customers and Fully Compatible
with

NVIDIA AI Infrastructure

SANTA CLARA, Calif. – March31, 2026– NVIDIA and Marvell Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ: MRVL)
today announced a strategic partnership to connect Marvell to the NVIDIA AI factory and AI-
RAN
ecosystem through NVIDIA NVLink Fusion offering customers building on NVIDIA architectures
greater choice and flexibility in developing next-generation infrastructure. The companies
will
also collaborate on silicon photonics technology.

In addition, NVIDIA has invested $2 billion in Marvell.

The partnership builds on NVIDIA NVLink Fusion, a rack-scale platform that enables
customers to develop semi-custom AI infrastructure using the NVIDIA NVLink ecosystem.
Marvell will provide custom XPUs and NVLink Fusion compatible scale-up networking, while
NVIDIA will provide the supporting technologies,
including Vera CPU, ConnectX NICs, Bluefield DPUs, NVLink interconnect and Spectrum-X
switches, and the rack-scale AI compute.

For customers developing custom XPUs, NVLink Fusion
enables a heterogeneous AI infrastructure fully compatible with NVIDIA systems, allowing
seamless integration with NVIDIA GPU, LPU, networking and storage platforms while
leveraging NVIDIA’s rich technology stack global supply chain ecosystem.

The companies will also partner to transform the world’s telecommunication network into AI
infrastructure with NVIDIA Aerial AI-RAN for 5G/6G, and advance world-class networking for
AI, including advanced optical interconnect solutions and silicon photonics technology.

“The inference inflection has arrived. Token generation demand is surging, and the world is
racing to build AI factories,” said Jensen Huang,
founder and CEO of NVIDIA. “Together with Marvell, we are enabling customers to leverage
NVIDIA’s AI infrastructure ecosystem and scale to build specialized AI compute.”

“Our expanded partnership with NVIDIA reflects the growing importance of high-speed
connectivity, optical interconnect and accelerated infrastructure in
scaling AI,” said Matt Murphy, Chairman and CEO of Marvell. “By connecting Marvell’s
leadership in high-performance analog, optical DSP, silicon photonics and custom silicon to
NVIDIA’s expanding AI ecosystem through NVLink
Fusion, we are enabling customers to build scalable, efficient AI infrastructure.”

About Marvell

To deliver the data infrastructure technology that connects the world, we’re building
solutions on the most powerful foundation: our partnerships with
our customers. Trusted by the world’s leading technology companies for over 30 years, we
move, store, process and secure the world’s data with semiconductor solutions designed for
our customers’ current needs and future ambitions.
Through a process of deep collaboration and transparency, we’re ultimately changing the way
tomorrow’s enterprise, cloud and carrier architectures transform—for the better.

About NVIDIA

NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) is the world
leader in AI and accelerated computing.

Marvell Forward-Looking Statements

Marvell and the M logo are trademarks of Marvell or its affiliates. Please visit
www.marvell.com for a complete list of Marvell trademarks. Other names and
brands may be claimed as the property of others.

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of
the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, which are subject
to the “safe harbor” created by those sections. These statements involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may
cause our actual results to differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking
statements. Words such as “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “projects,”
“believes,” “seeks,” “estimates,” “forecasts,” “targets,” “may,” “can,” “will,” “would” and
similar expressions identify such forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements in this communication may include, but are not
limited to, (i) expectations regarding the expected benefits of the partnership, (ii)
expectations and beliefs with respect to customers,
(iii) expectations regarding the industry in which Marvell operates and trends in such
industry and related technologies, and (iv) the expected impact of the partnership on
Marvell’s business and financial results. Expectations and
beliefs regarding these matters may not materialize, and actual results in future periods
are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those projected. These risks include risks pertaining to the
relationship between Marvell and NVIDIA; the risk of litigation and/or regulatory actions
related to the partnership; changing supply and demand conditions in the industry; and
general market, political, economic and business conditions. The
forward-looking statements in this press release are also subject to other risks and
uncertainties, including those more fully described in Marvell’s filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), including
Marvell’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2026 as well as
other filings made by Marvell with the SEC from time to time and available at www.sec.gov.
Any
forward-looking statements contained herein are based on assumptions that Marvell believes
to be reasonable as of the date they were made. Marvell undertakes no obligation to update
these statements as a result of new information or future events.

NVIDIA Forward-Looking Statements

Certain
statements in this press release including, but not limited to, statements as to: token
generation demand surging, and the world racing to build AI factories; together with
Marvell, NVIDIA enabling customers to leverage its AI infrastructure
ecosystem and scale to build specialized AI compute; the benefits, impact, performance, and
availability of NVIDIA’s products, services, and technologies; expectations with respect to
NVIDIA’s third party arrangements, including with its
collaborators and

partners; expectations with respect to technology developments; expectations with respect
to AI and related industries; and other statements that are not historical facts are
forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are subject to the
“safe harbor” created by those sections based
on management’s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to
management and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be
materially different than expectations. Important factors that could cause
actual results to differ materially include: global economic and political conditions;
NVIDIA’s reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, package and test NVIDIA’s
products; the impact of technological development and
competition; development of new products and technologies or enhancements to NVIDIA’s
existing product and technologies; market acceptance of NVIDIA’s products or NVIDIA’s
partners’ products; design, manufacturing or software
defects; changes in consumer preferences or demands; changes in industry standards and
interfaces; unexpected loss of performance of NVIDIA’s products or technologies when
integrated into systems; NVIDIA’s ability to realize the
potential benefits of business investments or acquisitions; and changes in applicable laws
and regulations, as well as other factors detailed from time to time in the most recent
reports NVIDIA files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or
SEC, including, but not limited to, its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on
Form 10-Q. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on the
company’s website and are available from NVIDIA without charge. These forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance and speak only as of the date hereof,
and, except as required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to
update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances.

2026
NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved. NVIDIA, the NVIDIA logo, NVLink, NVLink Fusion,
ConnectX, Bluefield, and Spectrum-X are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA
Corporation in the U.S.
and other countries. Other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective
companies with which they are associated. Features, pricing, availability and
specifications are subject to change without notice.

# # #

For further information, contact:

Mylene Mangalindan

Corporate Communications

NVIDIA Corporation

press@nvidia.com

Toshiya Hari

Investor Relations

NVIDIA Corporation

toshiyah@nvidia.com

Marvell Investor Relations:

Ashish Saran

Senior Vice President, Investor Relations

408-222-0777

Marvell Media:
