Exhibit 99.1

Investor Relations Contact:

Shanye Hudson, (510) 661-1600

shanye.hudson@seagate.com

Media Contact:

Karin Taylor, (408) 772-8279

karin.h.taylor@seagate.com

Seagate Announces Closing of Exchanges with Holders of $600 Million Principal Amount of
Exchangeable Notes

SINGAPORE— February 19, 2026 — Seagate Technology Holdings plc (NASDAQ: STX) (“Seagate” or
“Company”) and
Seagate HDD Cayman, a subsidiary of Seagate (“Seagate HDD”) today announced that on
February 19, 2026, the Company closed the previously announced privately negotiated
exchanges (the “exchanges”) of $600 million
principal amount of Seagate HDD’s 3.50% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2028 (the “notes”)
for aggregate consideration consisting of approximately $599.2 million in cash and
approximately 5.95 million ordinary shares of
Seagate stock. The number of ordinary shares of Seagate stock issued pursuant to the
exchanges was determined over the one trading day period beginning on, and including,
February 12, 2026. The exchanged notes have been retired. Approximately
$400 million in aggregate principal amount of notes remain outstanding with terms
unchanged.

The exchanges were conducted as private placements, and
the shares of common stock issued in the exchanges were issued pursuant to the exemption
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
“Securities Act”), afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act in transactions not involving any public offering. This press release is
neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities described
above, nor will there be any offer, solicitation or sale of any
securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful.

About Seagate

Seagate Technology is a leading innovator of mass-capacity data storage. We create
breakthrough technology so you can confidently store your data and easily
unlock its value. Founded over 45 years ago, Seagate has shipped over four billion
terabytes of data capacity and offers a full portfolio of storage devices, systems, and
services from edge to cloud.

2025 Seagate Technology LLC. All rights reserved. Seagate, Seagate Technology, and the
Spiral logo
are registered trademarks of Seagate Technology LLC in the United States and/or other
countries.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements provide current
expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that
does not directly relate to any historical fact. Forward-looking statements generally can
be identified by words such as “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,”
“estimates,” “predicts,” “projects,” “should,” “may,” “will,” “will continue,” “can,”
“could,” or the negative of these words, variations of these words and comparable
terminology, in each case, intended to refer to future events or circumstances. However,
the absence of these words or similar expressions does not mean that a statement is not
forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are based on information available to the
Company as of the date of this press release and are subject to known and unknown risks and
uncertainties that could cause the Company’s actual results, performance or events to
differ materially from historical experience and the Company’s present expectations or
projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described
under the captions “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations” in the Company’s latest periodic report on Form 10-Qor
Form 10-Kfiled with the SEC. Undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking
statements in this press release, which are based on information available to us on, and
which speak only as of, the date hereof. The Company undertakes no obligation to update
forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were
made, unless required by applicable law.

Seagate General
Information
