Table of Contents

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

We have an ongoing authorization, originally approved by our Board of Directors in 2005 and subsequently amended, to repurchase shares of our common stock in open market or negotiated transactions. No shares were repurchased during the quarter ending June 28, 2025. As of June 28, 2025, we were authorized to repurchase up to $110.0 billion, of which $7.2 billion remained available.

We issue RSUs as part of our equity incentive plans. In our Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements, we treat shares of common stock withheld for tax purposes on behalf of our employees in connection with the vesting of RSUs as common stock repurchases because they reduce the number of shares that would have been issued upon vesting. These withheld shares of common stock are not considered common stock repurchases under our authorized common stock repurchase program.

Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements

Our directors and officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1 under the Exchange Act) may from time to time enter into plans or other arrangements for the purchase or sale of our shares that are intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5–1(c) or may represent a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement under the Exchange Act. During the quarter ended June 28, 2025, no such plans or arrangements were adopted or terminated, including by modification.

Disclosure Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act requires an issuer to disclose certain information in its periodic reports if it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions, or dealings with individuals or entities subject to specific US economic sanctions during the reporting period, even when the activities, transactions, or dealings are conducted in compliance with applicable law. On March 2, 2021, the US Secretary of State designated the Federal Security Service of the Russian Federation (FSB) as a party subject to one such sanction. Though Intel has suspended sales in Russia, there may be a need to file documents or engage with FSB as Intel winds up our local Russian offices. All such dealings are explicitly authorized by General License 1B issued by the US Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), and there are no gross revenues or net profits directly associated with any such dealings by us with the FSB.

On April 15, 2021, the US Department of the Treasury designated Pozitiv Teknolodzhiz, AO (Positive Technologies), a Russian IT security firm, as a party subject to one of the sanctions specified in Section 13(r). Prior to the designation, we communicated with Positive Technologies regarding its IT security research and coordinated disclosure of security vulnerabilities identified by the firm. Based on a license issued by OFAC, we resumed such communications. There are no gross revenues or net profits directly associated with any such activities. We plan to continue these communications in accordance with the terms and conditions of the OFAC license.

Amendment and Restatement of 2006 Equity Incentive Plan

As previously disclosed in our Form 8-K dated May 9, 2025, the Company's stockholders approved an amendment and restatement of the Company's 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the “EIP”) at the 2025 Annual Stockholders’ Meeting held on May 6, 2025 (the “Annual Meeting”). The amended and restated EIP became effective upon stockholder approval and, among other changes, extended the term of the plan for an additional one year and increased by 150 million the number of shares available under the EIP, as described under Proposal 4 of the Company's definitive proxy statement filed on Schedule 14A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 27, 2025. 

Other Key Information43