--- SOURCE INFO ---
Ticker: ARM
Layer: LAYER_A
Period: Q2_2025
Date: 2025-05-28
Doc Type: annual_business
--- END INFO ---

Item 5.    Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and our expectations with respect to liquidity and capital resources, includes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those risks and uncertainties described in the “Item 3. Key Information—D. Risk Factors” and “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” sections in this Annual Report. Our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by these forward-looking statements.

Recent Events and Transactions

Public Company Expenses

We have implemented and will continue to implement and enhance additional procedures and processes for the purpose of addressing the standards and requirements applicable to public companies. We have established more comprehensive compliance and governance functions and hired additional personnel to support such functions, to maintain and review internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and to prepare and distribute periodic reports in accordance with SEC rules. Our financial statements reflect the impact of these expenses and the higher premiums for the costs of our insurance, including directors’ and officers’ insurance.

Litigation with Qualcomm and Nuvia

On August 31, 2022, we sued Qualcomm and Nuvia in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, on the basis that Qualcomm and Nuvia: (i) breached the termination provisions of the Nuvia ALA with us by failing to destroy technology Nuvia developed under the Nuvia ALA, which we terminated in March 2022 based on Nuvia’s failure to obtain our consent to the assignment of the Nuvia ALA to Qualcomm; and (ii) will infringe our trademarks if Qualcomm uses them in connection with the Nuvia technology which is subject to a destruction obligation under the Nuvia ALA. Our complaint sought, among other things, specific performance of the Nuvia ALA termination provisions to require Qualcomm and Nuvia to stop using and to destroy the relevant Nuvia technology, and to stop their improper use of our trademarks with their related products. We also sought declaratory judgment, injunctive relief and damages relating to Qualcomm’s and Nuvia’s breach of contract and infringement of our trademarks in connection with the relevant Nuvia technology. Qualcomm originally responded and brought a counterclaim against us seeking a declaratory judgment that after Qualcomm’s acquisition of Nuvia, Qualcomm’s proposed products are fully licensed from us under its separate license agreements with us and that it has complied with its contractual obligations to us and Nuvia did not breach the Nuvia ALA. On March 6, 2024, the Court denied‑in-part Qualcomm’s motion to amend its counterclaims, but allowed Qualcomm to raise a new claim alleging that Arm breached the termination provisions of the Nuvia ALA by continuing to use Nuvia confidential information following termination. The original claims were narrowed by both parties to the 

66

contractual issues arising from the Nuvia ALA and the Qualcomm license and were tried to a jury in December 2024. The jury failed to reach a complete verdict on the three issues presented to it. The jury concluded that certain technology was licensed to Qualcomm under the Qualcomm license and that Qualcomm had not breached the Nuvia ALA but failed to reach a verdict on whether Nuvia breached the Nuvia ALA. Both parties have filed post-trial motions seeking judgment as a matter of law and/or a new trial on the issues that were tried. Those motions remain pending. The timing and manner in which the post-trial motions will be resolved cannot be estimated.

On April 18, 2024, Qualcomm brought a new action in Delaware against us, asserting claims that were rejected for inclusion in the original action. In this new action, Qualcomm asserted that we failed to satisfy certain delivery obligations under the Qualcomm ALA. On December 16, 2024, Qualcomm amended its complaint to add allegations relating to an Arm notice of breach of the Qualcomm ALA and related tort and anti-competition claims. On March 7, 2025, Qualcomm indicated that it planned to seek leave to amend its complaint again to add claims relating to an alleged breach of the Qualcomm TLA. We disagree with the assertions made by Qualcomm (as referred to above) and intend to vigorously defend against them. The case is currently set for trial on March 9, 2026.

A.    Operating results

Overview

Arm architects, develops, and licenses our high-performance and energy-efficient Arm compute platforms. Our CPU products address diverse requirements for performance, power and size. Our complementary products include GPU and NPU accelerators, interconnect, and others. Many of the world’s leading semiconductor companies and original equipment manufacturers rely on Arm to develop their products. Chip designers utilizing the Arm compute platform can add desired functionality, such as GPUs, NPUs, Wi-Fi connectivity, image processing, and video processing to create a SoC to meet the needs of any end market. We also support ecosystems of third-party tool vendors for embedded software and the IoT. We are also committed to contributing to open-source software and tools to ensure our offerings are optimized for the latest technologies. Arm powers everything from the tiniest of sensors to the most powerful supercomputers. The Arm compute platform is the most pervasive architecture in the world and supports a global community of more than 20 million developers. Our platform runs the vast majority of the world’s software, including the operating systems and applications for smartphones, tablets and PCs, data centers and networking equipment, and vehicles, as well as the embedded operating systems in devices such as smart cameras, thermostats, drones and industrial robotics. Our platform is highly leveraged to the growth in AI workloads. Arm CPUs run AI workloads in billions of devices from the edge to the cloud, including smartphones, cameras, digital TVs, cars and cloud data centers. The CPU is vital in all AI systems, whether it is handling the AI workload entirely or in combination with a co-processor, such as a GPU or a NPU, which specializes in the acceleration of ML algorithms. In the emerging area of large language models, generative AI and autonomous driving, there will be a heightened emphasis on the power-efficient acceleration of these algorithms. In the latest Arm architecture, CPUs, and GPUs, we have added new functionality and instructions to accelerate future AI algorithms and workloads. 

Our Business Model

We have a flexible business model for licensing products to customers, and we are continuously assessing our ability to provide greater flexibility to our customers and maximize the number of design wins for our products. Our customers license our products for a fee, which gives them access to our products and enables them to develop Arm-based processors. Once a processor has been designed and manufactured with our products, we receive a per-unit royalty on substantially all Arm-based chips shipped by our customers. Our business model enables the widest range of customers to access Arm products through an agreement best suited to their particular business needs. Our licensing and royalty business model includes:

•Arm Total Access Agreements: Under an Arm Total Access agreement, we license a portfolio of CPU designs and related technologies to a customer in return for an annual fee determined at execution of the agreement. We retain the right, from time to time, to add or remove specific products from the package. The agreement is for a fixed term and may limit the number of concurrent chip designs that may use products from the package.

•Arm Flexible Access Agreements: Under an Arm Flexible Access agreement, we license a portfolio of CPU designs and related technologies to a customer in return for an annual fee determined at execution of the agreement. Unlike an Arm Total Access license, the package of products licensed pursuant to an Arm Flexible Access agreement will not contain our latest products. Although customers are free to experiment with products contained in the Arm Flexible Access package, they must pay a single use license fee for specific products if they include Arm products in a final chip design “tape out,” when the final result of a semiconductor chip design is sent 

67

for manufacturing. As with an Arm Total Access agreement, we retain the right, from time to time, to add or remove specific products from the package.

•Technology Licensing Agreements (TLA): Under a TLA, we license a single CPU design or other technology design to a customer in return for a fixed license fee. The license may be limited by term (i.e., the number of years during which the licensee is entitled to incorporate our products in new chip designs, but licensees typically have the right to manufacture designs perpetually) and/or by number of uses (i.e., the number of concurrent chip designs that may use our products).

•Architecture License Agreements (ALA): Under an ALA, the licensee is allowed to develop their own highly customized CPU designs that is compliant with the Arm instruction set architecture (“ISA”) for a fixed architecture license fee. As the creation of an optimized CPU is very costly and time consuming, architecture licensees will often also license Arm CPU designs to use either as a complementary processor alongside the licensee’s Arm-compliant CPU design, or in other chips where the licensee’s own design is unsuitable.

•Royalty Fees: We generate the majority of our revenue from customers who enter into license agreements, pursuant to which we receive royalty fees based on average selling price of the customer’s Arm-based chip or a fixed fee per chip. Royalty revenue is impacted primarily by the adoption of our products by the licensee as well as other factors, such as product lifecycles, customer’s business performance, market trends and global supply constraints. 

Components of Results of Operations

Total Revenue

Most of our licenses have two components: license fees and support and maintenance fees (recognized as license and other revenue) and per-chip royalties (recognized as royalty revenue). However, some licenses can have multiple payment milestones that are date-based or event-based (e.g., six months after the effective date of the contract or upon tape-out of the first chip design).

We disaggregate revenue into the following categories for major product offerings:

License and Other Revenue

License and other revenue include revenue from licensing, software development tools, design services, training, support, and all other fees that do not constitute royalty revenue. The products licensed by us consist of design information and related documentation to enable a customer to design and manufacture semiconductor chips and related technology. Over the term of a license, contractual payments can generally range from hundreds of thousands of dollars to hundreds of millions of dollars, depending on the type of license, its duration, and the type of product that is being licensed. A license may be perpetual, use-limited or time-limited in its application. Delivery (i.e., providing the customer access to the licensed products) generally occurs within a short period after executing a license agreement. In some cases, we may license products that are still under development, in which case delivery can be many months, or even years, after executing a license agreement. We generate a significant proportion of our Licensing and other revenue from a relatively small number of customers.

License fees are invoiced pursuant to an agreed schedule. Typically, the first invoice is generated upon signing of the license agreement, and licensing and other revenue is recognized upon delivery of the products. In addition to the license fees, our license agreements generally provide for customer support services, which consist of telephonic or e-mail support. Fees for customer support services are generally specified in the contract. Typically, no upgrades to the licensed products are provided, except those updates and upgrades provided on a when-and-if-available basis. Revenue from customer service support is recorded within other revenue.

Arm Flexible Access agreements provide our customers with access to a wide range of processor, graphics, and systems products, especially older and less performant products. Arm Flexible Access agreements have two components: an annual low-cost portfolio license fee payable in installments and a license fee once they have reached “tape-out,” which occurs when the final result of our customer’s semiconductor chip design incorporating our products is sent for manufacturing, at which point they decide which of our products they wish to deploy in their chip. We believe that Arm Flexible Access agreements are most suitable for smaller companies, including start-ups and business units of larger companies, that want to experiment with different configurations of our products before committing to a chip design. 

68

Arm Total Access agreements also provide our customers with access to a package of our products, including processor, graphics, and systems products. Arm Total Access customers have the option to license our most advanced processors as part of the package. Arm Total Access customers pay a periodic portfolio license fee to maintain access to our products. There are no additional fees payable by our customers under our Arm Total Access agreements upon tape-out because manufacturing design rights are included within the portfolio license fee and are reflected in the license pricing. We believe that Arm Total Access agreements are most suitable for larger, established, semiconductor companies who expect to deploy our products in a wide range of their products. 

We provide software development tools and a range of services to companies developing chips based on our products. These tools and services include, among others: (i) software development tools for engineers to write and debug software on Arm processors, (ii) design license and development services to customize technology IP tailored towards customers’ specific needs, (iii) training on our products and how to write software to utilize their functionality and capability, and (iv) support and maintenance, for which we generally require an annual fee for a minimum of one year.

Royalty Revenue

Royalties are generally either set as a percentage of the licensee’s average selling price per chip or as a fixed amount per chip. The royalty rates per chip typically reduce over time as the total volume of chips incorporating our products shipped increases; notwithstanding such reductions in royalty rates and fees per chip, license agreements with component manufacturing customers typically include a minimum royalty percentage or fee per chip. Royalty payment schedules in individual license agreements vary depending on the nature of the license and the degree of market acceptance of our products on the date the license agreement is executed. In addition, the amount of royalty payments in respect of our products can increase as the customer integrates more of our products into the chip. See “D. Trend Information—Key Factors and Trends Affecting Our Operating Results—Ability to Provide Our Customers with More Value Per Chip” for examples of how customers may incorporate multiple products in a single chip. License contracts require the licensee to issue royalty reports, including details of chip sales, to us on a quarterly basis.

Royalty revenue is recognized on an accrual basis in the quarter in which the customers ship chips containing our products, using estimates from sales trends and judgment for several key attributes, including industry estimates of expected shipments, the mix of products sold, the percentage of markets using our products, and average selling price. Adjustments to revenue are required in subsequent periods to reflect changes in estimates as new information becomes available, primarily resulting from actual amounts subsequently reported by the licensees.

Revenue from External Customers and Related Parties

We also separately present revenue derived from contracts with our external customers and those derived from related parties. Revenue from related parties is derived from Arm China, customers in which we have an equity method investment, and other entities related to us by virtue of common control by SoftBank Group.

Cost of Sales

Cost of sales (“COS”) is comprised primarily of the costs of providing technical support and training to our customers. Occasionally, some engineering costs may be classified as COS if one of our IP products is being customized as part of professional and design services that are directly attributable to revenue generation from customers. COS expenses consist primarily of employee-related expenses, project costs associated with professional services and the provision of support and maintenance to customers, along with expenses related to license development services revenue, amortization of developed technology, and allocated overhead. Employee-related expenses include salaries, bonuses, share-based compensation and associated benefits.

Research and Development

Research and development is at the heart of our business and critical to our future success. Accordingly, we have always invested, and intend to continue to invest, significant resources in our research and development program, including allocating resources to develop new products, such as more complete compute subsystems (such as Arm CSS), chiplets and complete end chip solutions. In order to develop new products, we have recruited and hired engineers and other employees, and may in the future need to recruit and hire engineers or other employees or acquire companies, that possess the requisite expertise.To the extent that we do not have the technical expertise, financial resources or other capabilities for a particular research and development project with respect to new products or solutions, we have partnered, and may in the future 

69

partner, with third parties. Our vision to invest and develop new products is driven by our desire to maintain or increase our market share and create value for our customers. By developing and licensing innovative products, we allow our customers to focus their resources on competitive differentiation, unique to their own ability to differentiate.

We have substantially increased our research and development investment to focus on long-term returns and to replicate the strong position that we maintain in smartphones and in other markets, such as automotive, networking equipment, cloud compute and industrial IoT. Each generation of processor is typically more advanced and more complex than the previous generation, which requires increased development efforts that may be partially offset by improvements in productivity. Consequently, each year we increase our research and development investment in line with the increased development needs of the next generation of products. Engineers are in high demand and well-remunerated, and accordingly our increased research and development activity will continue to result in an increase in costs, principally driven by salaries for such technical employees and the costs of tools they need.

Research and development expenses consist primarily of employee-related expenses, including salaries, bonuses, share-based compensation, and benefits associated with employees in research and development functions, along with project materials costs, third-party fees paid to consultants, depreciation and amortization, allocated overhead, information technology and other development expenses. We receive government grants to compensate for certain research activities and we recognize the benefit as a reduction of the related expenses included in research and development expenses.

Selling, General and Administrative

Our engineering teams are well supported by vital selling, general and administrative functions. Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee-related expenses, including salaries, bonuses, share-based compensation, and benefits associated with employees in sales and marketing, along with corporate and administrative functions, including accounting and legal professional services fees, depreciation and amortization, advertising expenses, allocated overhead, information technology and other corporate-related expenses.

Disposal, Restructuring and Other Operating Expenses, Net

In December 2023, we terminated an agreement with Arm China for certain software engineering-related services, which have been brought in-house. The contract termination costs are included in disposal, restructuring and other operating expenses, net in the Consolidated Income Statements.

Disposal expenses consist primarily of transaction costs, such as legal and professional fees, relating to various disposal activities. Restructuring and other operating expenses consist primarily of employee termination benefits and contract termination costs. Recognition of costs for employee termination benefits depends on whether employees are required to render service beyond a minimum retention period in order to receive the termination benefits. If employees are required to render service beyond a minimum retention period in order to receive the termination benefits, costs are recognized ratably over the applicable future service period. Otherwise, costs are recognized when we have committed to a restructuring plan and have communicated those actions to employees. Employee termination benefits covered by existing benefit arrangements are recognized when we have committed to a restructuring plan and the termination benefits are probable and estimable.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

Impairment of long-lived assets includes impairments recognized on certain property and equipment and acquired intangibles as a result of lower than anticipated operating results and a deterioration in projected results. For purposes of determining the impairment, we relied on the income approach utilizing discounted cash flows to arrive at fair value.

Income (Loss) from Equity Investments, Net

Income (loss) from equity investments, net includes changes in the fair value of certain equity method investments for which we elect to apply fair value accounting or at the net asset value (“NAV”), our proportionate share of equity method investee income or loss for certain equity method investments, and gains and losses on other marketable and non-marketable securities. Our proportionate share of income or loss from equity method investments accounted for under the equity method is recognized in the subsequent quarter of which such income or loss is recognized by our investee.

70

Interest Income, Net

Interest income consists primarily of interest received on cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments that we hold with various financial institutions, and loans receivable. Interest expense consists primarily of interest on finance leases.

Other Non-Operating Income (Loss), Net

Other non-operating income (loss), net consists of one-time gains and losses and other miscellaneous income and expense items unrelated to our core operations, including gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments, gains or losses on realized and unrealized foreign currency exchange including foreign exchange contracts and changes in the fair value of convertible loans receivable.

Income Tax Benefit (Expense) 

We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method under GAAP, whereby deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences of temporary differences between financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. Income tax expense reflects income earned and taxed, in jurisdictions in which we conduct business, which mainly include U.K. and U.S. federal and state income taxes. We benefit from the U.K.’s “patent box” regime, which allows certain profits attributable to revenue from patented products (and other qualifying income) to be taxed at an effective corporation tax rate of 10%.

71

Results of Operations

The following table sets forth the components of operations from our annual audited Consolidated Income Statements and such data as a percentage of total revenue on an absolute basis, for the periods indicated:

Fiscal Year Ended March 31,

(in millions, except percentages)2025% of revenue2024% of revenue2023% of revenue

Revenue:

Revenue from external customers$3,184 79 %$2,509 78 %$2,025 76 %

Revenue from related parties823 21 %724 22 %654 24 %

Total revenue4,007 100 %3,233 100 %2,679 100 %

Cost of sales(121)3 %(154)5 %(106)4 %

Gross profit (loss)3,886 97 %3,079 95 %2,573 96 %

Operating expenses:

Research and development(2,071)52 %(1,979)61 %(1,133)42 %

Selling, general and administrative(984)25 %(983)30 %(762)28 %

Disposal, restructuring and other operating expenses, net— 0 %(6)0 %(7)0 %

Total operating expense(3,055)76 %(2,968)92 %(1,902)71 %

Operating income (loss)831 21 %111 3 %671 25 %

Income (loss) from equity investments, net(237)6 %(20)1 %(45)2 %

Interest income, net116 3 %110 3 %42 2 %

Other non-operating income (loss), net10 0 %11 0 %3 0 %

Income (loss) before income taxes 720 18 %212 7 %671 25 %

Income tax benefit (expense) 72 2 %94 3 %(147)5 %

Net income (loss)$792 20 %$306 9 %$524 20 %

Percentages are calculated from the amounts presented and may not add to their respective totals due to rounding

Comparison of Performance for the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2025 and 2024

Total revenue

Fiscal Year Ended March 31,

External CustomersRelated PartiesTotal

(in millions, except percentages)20252024% Change20252024% Change20252024% Change

License and Other Revenue$1,421 $1,051 35 %$418 $380 10 %$1,839 $1,431 29 %

Royalty Revenue1,763 1,458 21 %405 344 18 %2,168 1,802 20 %

$3,184 $2,509 27 %$823 $724 14 %$4,007 $3,233 24 %

Total revenue increased $774 million, or 24%, to $4,007 million during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, from total revenue of $3,233 million during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024. License and other revenue increased $408 million, or 29%, during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, primarily driven by new licensing agreements, an increase in revenue from arrangements entered into in prior periods, and renewals of our existing license arrangements with certain customers to gain access to the latest versions of our IP. Royalty revenue increased $366 million, or 20%, during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 as compared to the fiscal year ended 

72

March 31, 2024, driven primarily by higher chip shipments and an improved mix of products with higher royalty rates per chip.

Revenue from external customers increased $675 million, or 27%, during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, driven by a $370 million, or 35%, increase in license and other revenue, and a $305 million, or 21%, increase in royalty revenue. Revenue from related parties increased $99 million, or 14%, during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 as compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, primarily driven by a $61 million, or 18%, increase in royalty revenue, and a $38 million, or 10%, increase in license and other revenue. Revenue from external customers and from related parties was primarily driven by the same factors noted above for both license and other revenue and royalty revenue.

During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, revenue from sales to customers outside of the U.S. accounted for approximately 57% and approximately 56% of total revenue, respectively. Less than 2% of our total revenue is denominated in currencies other than USD, and the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates on our revenue and results of operations for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 was immaterial. 

Cost of sales

Fiscal Year Ended March 31,

(in millions, except percentages)20252024% Change

Cost of sales$(121)$(154)(21)%

Cost of sales decreased by $33 million, or 21%, during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, primarily due to decreases in activities associated with professional and design services and share-based compensation costs.

Research and development

Fiscal Year Ended March 31,

(in millions, except percentages)20252024% Change

Research and development$(2,071)$(1,979)5 %

Research and development expenses increased by $92 million, or 5%, during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, primarily due to increases in investments in next generation products. The increase was primarily driven by increases in salaries and related expenses as a result of headcount growth from hiring and higher engineering expenses, including expenses related to cloud services, depreciation, amortization, and allocated facility overhead expenses, partially offset by decreases in share-based compensation costs and associated employer taxes.

Selling, general and administrative

Fiscal Year Ended March 31,

(in millions, except percentages)20252024% Change

Selling, general and administrative$(984)$(983)— %

Selling, general and administrative expenses remained relatively flat for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, primarily due to decreases in share-based compensation costs and public company readiness costs, which were largely offset by the reversal of a liability for litigation, which occurred during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024. Other offsetting factors included increases in professional services expenses, provision for current expected credit losses on accounts receivables, IT expenses, and costs associated with disposal activities.

73

Disposal, restructuring and other operating expenses, net

Fiscal Year Ended March 31,

(in millions, except percentages)20252024% Change

Disposal, restructuring and other operating expenses, net$— $(6)(100)%

Disposal, restructuring and other operating expenses, net for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, relate to contract termination costs. There were no Disposal, restructuring and other operating expenses, net during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025.

Income (loss) from equity investments, net

Fiscal Year Ended March 31,

(in millions, except percentages)20252024% Change

Income (loss) from equity investments, net$(237)$(20)1085 %

Loss from equity investments, net increased by $217 million, or 1085%, for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, primarily due to a $246.4 million fair value loss with respect to our investment in Ampere Computing Holdings LLC (“Ampere”) as well as increases in unrealized gains related to other equity method investments accounted for at fair value and non-marketable securities. 

Interest income, net

Fiscal Year Ended March 31,

(in millions, except percentages)20252024% Change

Interest income, net$116 $110 5 %

Interest income, net increased by $6 million, or 5%, for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, primarily due to higher cash equivalents and favorable interest rate yields recognized on short-term investments and cash equivalents.

Other non-operating income (loss), net

Fiscal Year Ended March 31,

(in millions, except percentages)20252024% Change

Other non-operating income (loss), net$10 $11 (9)%

Other non-operating income (loss), net decreased by $1 million, or 9%, for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, primarily due to decreased realized and unrealized foreign exchange gains.

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Fiscal Year Ended March 31,

(in millions, except percentages)20252024% Change

Income tax benefit (expense) $72 $94 (23)%

Income (loss) before income taxes $720 $212 240 %

Income tax benefit (expense) as a percentage of income before taxes10 %44 %

The effective tax rate decreased for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, as compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, primarily due to the tax benefit of windfall gains and research tax credits as a result of an increase in share price. 

74

The OECD reached agreement among various countries to implement a minimum 15% rate on certain multinational enterprises, commonly referred to as Pillar Two. In July 2023, the U.K. enacted legislation to implement the OECD framework for Pillar Two, part of which went into effect January 1, 2024. A number of other countries where we do business, including the U.S., Japan, and many countries in the European Union, have implemented, or are considering implementing, changes in relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations and interpretations. Pillar Two is effective for the Company for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025. We have determined that Pillar Two did not have a material impact on the financial statements or results of operations for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025. 

Comparison of Performance for the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2024 and 2023

Please see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Comparison of Performance for the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2024 and 2023” in our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024.

B.    Liquidity and capital resources

We measure liquidity in terms of our ability to fund our cash obligations as they become due, including requirements of our business operations, working capital requirements, capital expenditures, contractual obligations, acquisitions and investments, and other commitments. We have historically financed, and intend to continue to finance, our operations primarily through cash generated from our business operations, partially supported by government research grants and tax credits. As of March 31, 2025, we had cash and cash equivalents of $2,085 million and short-term investments of $740 million. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the government research grant and tax credits benefits recognized were $146 million, $138 million, and $83 million, respectively.

We believe that our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments will be adequate to meet our liquidity requirements for at least the next 12 months and in the longer term. We continuously evaluate our liquidity and capital resources to ensure we can finance future capital requirements. Our future capital requirements will depend on several factors, including our revenue growth, the timing and extent of spending on research and development efforts and other growth initiatives, the timing of new products and services introductions, market acceptance of our products, and overall economic conditions. We could be required, or could elect, to seek additional funding through debt or equity financing; however, additional funds may not be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital or generate cash flows necessary to expand our operations and invest in continued innovation, we may not be able to compete successfully, which would harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. See “Item 3. Key Information—D. Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry.”

The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated.

Fiscal Year Ended March 31,

(in millions)202520242023

Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities $397 $1,090 $739 

Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities $(35)$(516)$(138)

Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities $(202)$(208)$(42)

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents$2 $3 $(9)

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents$162 $369 $550 

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period $1,923 $1,554 $1,004 

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period$2,085 $1,923 $1,554 

Comparison of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2025 and 2024

Net Cash Provided by (Used for) Operating Activities

Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by $693 million, or 64%, to $397 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, as compared to $1,090 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, primarily driven by a decrease of $876 million in other liabilities due to an increase in cash used for employment taxes payable on vested share-based awards related to the IPO share vesting event, a $549 million unfavorable cash flow movement related to accounts receivable due 

75

to the timing of payments from customers, partially offset by a $140 million decrease in cash used for accrued compensation and benefits due to the replacement of cash bonuses with equity compensation and favorable movement of $186 million in contract liabilities due to an increase in billings in advance of revenue recognition. 

Net Cash Provided by (Used for) Investing Activities

Net cash used for investing activities decreased by $481 million, or 93%, to $35 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, as compared to $516 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, primarily due to a $515 million increase in proceeds from maturity of short-term investments, a $85 million decrease in purchases of short-term investments, a $31 million decrease in purchases of intangible assets, partially offset by a $127 million increase in purchases of property and equipment and a $25 million increase in purchases of equity investments.

Net Cash Provided by (Used for) Financing Activities

Net cash used for financing activities decreased by $6 million, or 3%, to $202 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, as compared to $208 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, primarily due to a $38 million decrease in payments of withholding taxes on vested share-based awards, partially offset by a $19 million increase in payments for intangible asset obligations and a $13 million increase in payments for finance lease arrangements. 

Comparison of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2024 and 2023

Please see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—B. Liquidity and Capital Resources” in our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024.

Contractual Obligations and Commitments

Our material cash requirements include the following contractual and other obligations:

Leases

We have operating lease arrangements for office space, data centers, equipment and other corporate assets. As of March 31, 2025, we had lease payment obligations of $452 million, with $38 million payable within 12 months of March 31, 2025. As of March 31, 2025, we had seven leases signed but not yet commenced, with an aggregate lease value of approximately $49 million and lease terms expiring through 2036.

Purchase Obligations

In the normal course of business, we contract with various third-party service providers for systems and services to perform certain day-to-day business activities. We enter into non-cancelable purchase commitments for cloud computing web services, data centers, software, license and services. As of March 31, 2025, we had outstanding non-cancelable purchase obligations of approximately $912 million with a remaining term of 12 months or longer for periods through 2035.

76

C.    Research and development, patents and licenses, etc.

Refer to “Item 4. Information on the Company—B. Business Overview—Research and Development”, “Item 4. Information on the Company—B. Business Overview—Intellectual Property,” “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Components of Results of Operations—Research and Development,” “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Comparison of Performance for the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2025 and 2024—Research and Development,” “Item 8. Financial Information—Note 1 - Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Comparison of Performance for the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2024 and 2023” in our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024 for discussion on our research and development policies.

D.    Trend information

Key Factors and Trends Affecting Our Operating Results

We believe that the growth of our business and our future success are dependent upon many factors, including those described in the section titled “Item 3. Key Information—D. Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Annual Report as well as the factors described below. While each of these factors presents significant opportunities for us, these factors also pose challenges that we must successfully address in order to sustain the growth of our business and enhance our results of operations.

Global Demand for Semiconductor Products and Cyclical Nature of the Semiconductor Industry

Semiconductor chips are essential components in consumer, enterprise, and automotive electronics. Strong demand for electronics has resulted in sustained and increasing long-term demand for semiconductor chips, a significant percentage of which contain our products. Our license and royalty revenue is, in part, affected by market conditions in the semiconductor industry, which is cyclical by nature and impacted by broad economic factors, such as worldwide gross domestic product and consumer and enterprise spending. While the semiconductor industry has experienced significant, prolonged, and sometimes sudden downturns in the past, we expect there to be continued and increasing demand for semiconductors over the long term as macro trends drive device manufacturers to produce more powerful and energy-efficient devices.

Because our royalty revenue is dependent on the number of Arm-powered chips shipped by our customers, dislocations created by cyclical, economic factors generally affect demand for our customers’ chips and, consequently, may result in variability in our operating performance. Royalties are recognized on an accrual basis in the quarter in which the customer ships products incorporating our products. A material portion of the accrual is estimated using trend analysis of market and sales data as well as customer-specific financial information with a true-up in the following quarter based on actual sales data once received. Accordingly, differences between our estimated market trends and our customers’ forecasts of their chip shipments can lead to variability in our royalty revenue.

Impact of the Current Macroeconomic Environment and Geopolitical Events

Uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, resulting from a range of events and trends in rising global inflation and interest rates, supply chain disruptions, geopolitical pressures, including the unknown impact of current and future trade regulations, geopolitical turmoil, such as any changes in PRC-Taiwan relations and the war in Ukraine, fluctuation in foreign exchange rates, and associated global economic conditions have resulted in volatility in our operating performance and can significantly affect our operational outcomes and demand for our products. For example, the war in Ukraine could lead to further market disruptions and exacerbate current supply chain constraints, including with respect to certain materials and metals, which are essential in semiconductor manufacturing. The conflicts in the Middle East have caused no major interruption to our operations to date. Additionally, the recent resurgence and escalation of trade conflicts between the U.S. and the PRC and other major U.S. trade partners has caused, and could continue to cause, market disruptions and supply chain constraints. Furthermore, given the concentration of semiconductor manufacturing in East Asia (particularly in Taiwan), any potential escalation in geopolitical tensions in Asia, particularly with respect to Taiwan, could significantly disrupt existing semiconductor chip manufacturing and increase the prospect of increased interruption to the semiconductor chip supply across the world. 

77

Ability to Provide Our Customers with More Value Per Chip

Complex chips and chiplets are more difficult to develop and take longer to design, which increases the cost of the chip and the risk of delayed or missed timelines. We believe our ability to continue to develop more advanced products and offer increasingly comprehensive product packages, including providing more complete subsystems, such as Arm's CSS solutions which are pre-integrated and pre-verified configurations of Arm technology, will encourage greater use of our products by existing and prospective customers. For example, many licensees have historically combined multiple different Arm CPUs in a single chip, Arm CPUs with other Arm IP such as Arm GPUs, or deploy Arm CPU implementations with more than 100 cores. Increasing cost and time-to-market pressures mean some customers may be better served by the integration of our IP into a subsystem. For chips where our products have provided more value, we will typically receive a higher royalty rate per chip. Accordingly, we believe that our investments in higher performance, higher efficiency, and more specialized designs will drive greater demand for our products and higher value for our customers, which is expected to result in higher royalty fees. Our future performance is dependent on our continued ability to provide value to customers, and our ability to drive additional value through technological innovation.

Our Market Share Across End Markets

Arm CPUs are the world’s most widely licensed and deployed processors. Our products are used in almost all smartphones, the majority of tablets and digital TVs, and a significant proportion of all chips with embedded processors, including for both consumer and enterprise applications. As new high-growth markets for electronics emerge, our customers require our more advanced processor designs. For example, AI demand is driving strong momentum for the Arm ecosystem. AI growth requires significantly more compute across all of our end markets from smartphones with better chat features, to automobiles with better driving and parking assist, to IoT microprocessors with embedded NPUs. Our operating and financial performance is dependent, in part, upon maintaining our market share in the smartphone and consumer electronics markets and maintaining or growing market share in our other target markets.

Increasing Design Wins with Flexible Licensing Models

We have in the past and intend to continue to make significant investments in research and development to ensure that we can develop products suitable for new opportunities with existing and prospective customers. A key measure of our success is our customer design wins. Because we are often embedded within our customers’ research and development functions, we typically have significant, unique visibility into our customers’ product development pipelines, which we believe positions us to capture design wins to a greater extent than our competitors. A “design win” occurs when a customer decides to include an Arm CPU product or related technology within one of their chip designs. For customers who already license our products, a new design win does not necessarily require a customer to sign a new license. By licensing a portfolio of Arm products to our customers (rather than licensing a single CPU design or other technology design), we have made it easier and more compelling for customers to access and utilize more Arm products, further broadening our potential customer base and end-market penetration. Our licensing options provide greater flexibility to our customers and maximize our opportunities to secure more design wins for our products, which results in greater opportunities to increase our recurring royalty revenue.

Performance of Arm China

We utilize our commercial relationship with Arm China to access the PRC market, and a significant portion of our total revenue is generated from Arm China, a related party. Arm China has the right to sublicense our processor technology pursuant to the IPLA. Our responsibility under the IPLA is to facilitate delivery of our processor technology to Arm China’s end customers in accordance with detailed instructions and other specifications from Arm China. Our revenue is calculated as a percentage of license and royalty fees earned by Arm China from sub-license arrangements entered into with its end customers. Where our revenue is earned as a percentage of the license fee received by Arm China, we categorize such revenue as our license revenue. Our share of Arm China’s royalties is categorized as royalty revenue in our financial statements. Despite our reliance on Arm China through our commercial relationship with it, both as a source of revenue and a conduit to the important PRC market, Arm China operates independently of us. Under the IPLA, Arm China’s payments due to us are determined based on the financial information that Arm China provides to us. Accordingly, we are dependent on Arm China providing us with reliable and timely financial information. Additionally, political actions, including trade and national security policies of the U.S. and PRC governments, such as tariffs, placing companies on restricted lists, or new end-use controls, have in the past, currently do and could in the future limit or prevent us, directly or through our commercial relationship with Arm China, from transacting business with certain PRC customers or suppliers, limit, prevent or discourage certain PRC customers or suppliers from transacting business with us or Arm China, or make it more expensive to do so, which could adversely affect demand for our products. Total revenue derived from Arm China 

78

remained relatively flat for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 as compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024. License revenue for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 decreased due to normal fluctuation in timing and size of multiple high-value license agreements and contributions from backlog into the current period from arrangements entered in prior periods. Royalty revenue for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 increased driven primarily by higher chip shipments and an improved mix of products with higher royalty rates per chip.

Developments in Export Control Regulations

The Bureau of Industry and Security of the U.S. Department of Commerce, which we refer to as BIS, significantly extended the reach of U.S. export controls on the semiconductor industry, in particular advanced computing chips and services, in a series of new rules and guidance published since September 30, 2024. 

The collective impact of the rules, described below, may reduce our ability to license our products directly to entities and end users in designated countries and could potentially harm our commercial relationships by limiting the ability of certain of our customers and partners to manufacture and ship chips and end products incorporating certain of our products.

In January 2025, BIS published the “Implementation of Additional Due Diligence Measures for Advanced Computing Integrated Circuits” interim final rule with a compliance date of January 31, 2025. This rule limits PRC entities seeking to manufacture advanced node chips outside of the PRC, as well as designates approved entities outside of the PRC - chip designers, foundries, and Outsourced Semiconductor Assembly and Test (“OSAT”) vendors - as another mechanism to mitigate risk of diversion.

The “Framework for Artificial Intelligence Diffusion” interim final rule (“AI Diffusion Rule”) was also introduced in January 2025 to impose a worldwide export license requirement on advanced computing products and a quota-like system for deploying such products across three tiers of countries, with a compliance date of May 15, 2025. However, on May 13, 2025, BIS announced plans to rescind the AI Diffusion Rule and BIS enforcement officials were instructed not to enforce it. At the same, BIS published new guidance on protecting supply chains against diversion of advanced computing chips and services and the risks associated with using PRC-made advanced computing chips.

 Rules published in September and December 2024 imposed additional U.S. export restrictions on advanced computing technologies and semiconductor manufacturing capability to the PRC and certain other countries suspected of supplying the PRC with such technologies and capabilities. These rules, which continue the focus on protecting U.S. national security and preventing diversion of products subject to U.S. export controls in the same manner as BIS rules published in October 2022 and October 2023: (i) established new restrictions on exporting, re-exporting, or transferring Gate all-around Field-Effect Transistor (“GAAFET”) and High Bandwidth Memory (“HBM”) technologies to the PRC and other countries suspected of supplying the PRC with such technologies; (ii) significantly expanded restrictions on advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment; (iii) added new entities to BIS’s Entity List; and (iv) clarified controls on software and software licenses.

Investment in Technology and Product Development

We continue to evaluate opportunities, potential investments and technical partnerships to develop new technologies and advanced products, including in the AI arena, and thereby expand beyond individual design IP elements to providing a more complete system and custom chips for specific applications, including, without limitation, RTL-based CSSs, GDSII-based CSSs, chiplets and complete end chip solutions. To remain competitive, we must continue to develop new applications and enhancements to our existing products and services, particularly as next generation technology is adopted by market participants. We intend to continue allocating resources to, and exploring, new markets and/or different products and solutions for existing and prospective customers in various end markets. Further, we have been, and may in the future be, engaged to advise on or design chips for certain existing customers and other third parties. Allocating and maintaining adequate research and development resources, such as the appropriate personnel and development technology, to meet the evolving demands of the market is essential to our continued success.

We expect to continue investing greater financial and other resources in furtherance of those efforts, exploring investment and/or acquisition opportunities, and engaging with one or more partners to provide technical, financial and/or other support. 

79

E.    Critical Accounting Estimates

Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs, and expenses, and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical and anticipated results and trends and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, including assumptions as to future events. By their nature, estimates are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. Although we believe that the estimates and the assumptions supporting our assessments are reasonable, actual results could differ materially (either positively or negatively, as applicable) from our estimates, which could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.

We believe that, of our significant accounting policies, which are described in “Item 8. Financial Information—Note 1 - Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report, the following accounting policies involve a greater degree of management judgment and complexity. Accordingly, the following policies we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

Revenue Recognition

Our revenue is derived from contracts with customers. We recognize revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“ASC 606”). The core principle of ASC 606 is to recognize revenue upon the transfer of services or products to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those services or products. We apply the five-step framework under ASC 606 to recognize revenue as described in our revenue recognition policy included in “Item 8. Financial Information—Note 1 - Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report.

The most critical judgments required in applying ASC 606 and our revenue recognition policy relate to the determination of distinct performance obligations, the evaluation of the standalone selling price (“SSP”) for each performance obligation, the assessment of the contract combination criteria and the estimates on sales-based royalty revenue accruals.

Determination of distinct performance obligations

For our licensing arrangements, we grant customers the choice to acquire additional rights, goods, or services at contract inception (for example, renewals of offerings, version extensions through term renewals, additional future products, or additional usage of term license). Therefore, judgment is required in determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately. We utilize forward-looking information in identifying performance obligations for IP or their version extensions of architecture IP under development or future products and in considering if implicit promises exist in certain long-term contracts.

Evaluation of the standalone selling price for each performance obligation

Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation in the contract. Directly observable prices are generally not available for our products, so we estimate the SSP for each performance obligation by maximizing the use of observable inputs. Some of our performance obligations, such as support, maintenance services, and training services, have observable inputs that are used to determine the SSP of those distinct performance obligations. However, our licenses of products often have highly variable pricing as standalone sales are rare and pricing varies from one transaction to another. When offerings with highly variable pricing lack substantial direct costs to estimate SSP based on a cost-plus margin approach, the transaction price is allocated using the residual approach on the basis that we have identified the SSP for other performance obligations in the same contract. If two or more performance obligations have highly variable or uncertain pricing, we apply a combination of methods to estimate the SSPs, including utilizing list prices, contract prices, and effort estimates of future IP.

Assessment of contract combination criteria

In certain instances, we enter into multiple contracts with the same customer that are treated, for accounting purposes, as a single contract if the contracts are entered into at, or near, the same time and are interrelated. Judgments are required in 

80

evaluating whether various contracts are interrelated, which includes considerations as to whether they were negotiated as a package with a single commercial objective, where the amount of consideration on one contract is dependent on the performance of the other contract, or if some or all obligations in the contracts constitute a single performance obligation.

Estimates on Sales-Based Royalty Revenue Accruals

For certain license arrangements, sales-based royalties are collected on customers’ chips that incorporate our products. Royalties are set either as a percentage of the licensee’s average selling price per chip or as a fixed amount per chip. Royalties are recognized on the licensee’s sales in the period in which they ship their Arm-powered chips to their end customers. Our estimates of royalty-based accruals take into consideration the macroeconomic effects of global events, such as geopolitical issues (such as trade bans or wars), and natural disasters, any of which may interrupt supply chain activities as well as demand for shipments of technology products. These estimates also involve the use of historical data and judgment for several key attributes, including industry estimates of expected shipments, the percentage of markets using our products, and average selling price. Generally, our estimates represent the then-current period’s shipments for which we expect our licensees to submit royalty statements in the following quarter in accordance with our license agreements. Upon receipt of royalty statements from the licensees with the actual reporting of sales-based royalties that we previously estimated, we record a favorable or unfavorable adjustment based on the difference, if any, between estimated and actual sales. Historically, actual amounts for sales-based royalties have been materially consistent with our estimates, and no significant adjustments have been required for prior-period royalty estimates. However, we can provide no assurances that material adjustments will not be required in future periods.

Valuation of Equity Investments Measured at Fair Value

Non-marketable securities

Non-marketable securities represent either direct or indirect, through a capital fund, investments in unlisted early-stage development enterprises. For certain of these securities, we have elected to apply the NAV practical expedient, where NAV is the estimated fair value of the investments. For other investments, under the measurement alternative, these equity securities are recorded at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from qualifying observable price changes resulting from the issuance of similar or identical securities in an orderly transaction by the same issuer. As of March 31, 2025 and 2024, non-marketable securities measured at NAV were $16 million and $18 million, respectively.

Determining whether an observed transaction is similar to a security within our portfolio requires judgment based on the rights and preferences of the securities. Recording upward and downward adjustments to the carrying values of equity securities as a result of observable price changes requires quantitative assessments of the fair values of equity securities held.

Equity Method Investments

Equity method investments represent strategic investments in unlisted development enterprises. For certain of these investments, we have elected to apply the fair value option. Where applicable, the NAV practical expedient has been applied. Equity method investments measured at NAV as of March 31, 2025 and 2024 were $100 million and $106 million, respectively. Equity method investments measured at fair value as of March 31, 2025 and 2024 were $200 million and $466 million, respectively.

We elected the fair value option for Acetone Limited and Ampere. We initially computed the fair value for our investments, consistent with the methodology and assumptions that market participants would use in their estimates of fair value, with the assistance of a third-party valuation specialist or based on inputs provided by the investee. The fair value computation is updated on a quarterly basis. The investments are classified within Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy because we estimate the fair value of the investments using (i) the market approach based on similar transactions, (ii) the market-calibration approach based on the guideline public company method and/or (iii) probability-weighted expected return approach, and/or (iv) subject to the availability of sufficient information, the income approach based on the discounted cash flow method.

We consider numerous objective and subjective factors to determine the best estimate of fair value for our investees. These factors include forecasts, the financial condition of the investee and the prices paid for securities sold to third-party investors, if any, as well as the valuation of comparable companies.

81

Impairment of investments

Non-marketable equity securities under the measurement alternative are subject to periodic impairment analysis. The periodic impairment analysis considers both qualitative and quantitative factors that may have a significant impact on the investee’s fair value. Qualitative factors considered include the investee’s financial condition and business outlook, industry and sector performance, market for technology, operational and financing cash flow activities, and other relevant events and factors affecting the investee. When indicators of impairment exist, we prepare a quantitative assessment of the fair value of the equity investments using both the market and income approaches, which require judgment and the use of estimates, including discount rates, investee revenue and costs, and comparable market data of private and public companies, among others. During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, we recognized impairments of $4 million, $3 million and $8 million, respectively, on non-marketable equity securities.

Equity method investments not measured under the fair value option are subject to periodic impairment reviews using the other-than-temporary impairment model, which considers the severity and duration of a decline in fair value below cost and our ability and intent to hold the investment for a sufficient period of time to allow for recovery. We did not recognize any impairments on equity method investments during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023.

Ordinary Share Valuations

In determining the fair value of ordinary shares, the Board of Directors considered the grant date fair value for share-based awards as of the closing price of the Company’s ADSs on Nasdaq on the day of grant. The Company generally recognizes share based compensation cost using the straight-line method over the requisite service period of the award, net of estimated forfeitures, except for awards that are subject to continuous service and satisfaction of certain Company performance conditions. For awards that are subject to continuous service and satisfaction of certain Company performance conditions, the Company revises its estimate of the number of shares expected to vest at each reporting date as a result of the effect of the Company’s performance conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognized in the Consolidated Income Statements such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate. Certain fixed monetary amount liability-classified awards were modified to equity-classified awards at the time of IPO and were converted to into a variable number of ADSs representing ordinary shares based on the IPO price of $51.00 per ADS.

Please see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates” in the IPO Prospectus for critical accounting estimates applicable prior to the IPO.

Share-based Compensation

We expense share-based compensation over the requisite service periods of the awards, which generally is equivalent to the vesting term. Compensation expense is recorded only for those awards that are expected to vest. The fair value of RSUs is based on the grant date fair value for share-based awards based on the closing price of the Company’s ADSs on Nasdaq on the day of the grant. The Company granted PSUs with relative total shareholder return (“Relative TSR”) as the performance measure under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. PSUs granted with Relative TSR as the performance measure are measured over a three-year performance period relative to the S&P 500 IT Sector Index and have the potential to vest between 0% and 200% of the original award amount depending on the Relative TSR achievement. To determine the grant date fair value of the market conditions component of the awards with Relative TSR-based performance measures, a Monte Carlo simulation model is used.

Impairment of Goodwill

Goodwill is recorded as the excess of consideration transferred over the acquisition-date fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. We have identified one reporting unit. We perform an annual impairment assessment in the fourth fiscal quarter or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment exist, which includes evaluating qualitative and quantitative factors to assess the likelihood of an impairment of the reporting unit’s goodwill. If our assessment concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value is more than its carrying value of our reporting unit, goodwill is not considered impaired and we are not required to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test.

If our impairment assessment concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than its carrying value, we perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test, which compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value. Impairments, if any, are based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value. Our goodwill impairment test considers the income method and/or market method to estimate a reporting unit’s fair value. Significant judgments are 

82

required in assessing impairment of goodwill include the identification of reporting units, estimating future cash flows, determining appropriate discount and growth rates and other assumptions. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value, whether an impairment exists and if so the amount of that impairment.

We completed our annual goodwill impairment test in the fourth quarter of the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. After conducting a qualitative review, the Company concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair value was more than the carrying value of the Company’s single reporting unit. Accordingly, there was no indication of impairment, and the quantitative goodwill impairment test was not performed.

Income Taxes

We are subject to income taxes in the United Kingdom and other foreign jurisdictions. We account for deferred taxes by using the asset and liability method under GAAP. Under this method, we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. We recognize a deferred tax asset when it is more likely than not that the asset will be realized. We regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability and establish a valuation allowance based upon historical losses, projected future taxable income and the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences. To the extent we increase or decrease the allowance in a period, we recognize the change in the allowance within “Income tax expense (benefit)” in the Consolidated Income Statements. Unforeseen changes in tax rates and tax laws, as well as differences in the projected taxable income as compared to actual taxable income, may affect these estimates.

The provision for income taxes includes the impact of reserves for unrecognized tax benefits as well as the related net interest and penalties. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the United Kingdom and other tax authorities that may assert assessments against us. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations and assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes.