--- SOURCE INFO ---
Ticker: ARM
Layer: LAYER_A
Period: Q1_2026
Date: 2026-03-24
Doc Type: earnings_press_release
--- END INFO ---

Arm Expands Compute Platform to Silicon Products in Historic Company First         
                                                                                           
  News Highlights                                                                          
                                                                                           
• Arm extends its platform breadth to include production silicon products for the first
time, offering the broadest choice of compute across IP, Arm Compute Subsystems (CSS) and
silicon

• Introducing the first Arm-designed data center CPU, the Arm AGI CPU, for agentic AI
infrastructure, delivering more than 2x performance per rack compared with x86 platforms*

• Developed with lead partner Meta, with other customers and leading ODMs committed for
production, the Arm AGI CPU is backed by strong support from the global ecosystem
                                                                                           
  Cambridge, England – Mar. 24, 2026 –                                                     
                                                                                           
Arm Holdings plc (NASDAQ: ARM) today announced the next evolution of the Arm compute
platform, extending into production silicon products for the first time in the company’s
history. This begins with the launch of the Arm AGI CPU, an Arm-designed CPU for AI data
centers, built to address a rising class of agentic AI workloads.

For more than three decades, the industry has innovated on the Arm compute platform to
deliver scalable, power-efficient computing across hundreds of billions of devices. As AI
transforms global computing infrastructure, partners across the ecosystem are asking for
ways to deploy Arm technology at scale. In response, Arm is expanding its platform strategy
beyond IP and Compute Subsystems (CSS) to include Arm-designed silicon products – giving
partners the broadest set of options to build on Arm and enabling faster innovation across
the AI ecosystem.

“AI has fundamentally redefined how computing is built and deployed. Agentic computing is
accelerating that change,” said Rene Haas, CEO, Arm. “Today marks the next phase of the Arm
compute platform and a defining moment for our company. With the expansion into delivering
production silicon with our Arm AGI CPU, we are giving partners more choices all built on
Arm’s foundation of high-performance, power-efficient computing, to support agentic AI
infrastructure at global scale.”

Agentic AI is Reshaping AI Infrastructure, Driving More Demand for CPUs

The rise of AI agents is driving a major inflection point in global computing. As AI shifts
from training models to deploying continuously running agents that reason, plan and act,
the volume of tokens generated across AI systems is rapidly increasing and requires
significantly more CPUs to handle reasoning, coordination and data movement.

As organizations scale agent-driven applications, data centers are expected to require more
than 4x the current CPU capacity per GW* — driving the need for significantly more compute
within the same power envelope. This is driving demand for a new class of CPUs designed for
AI-scale infrastructure — delivering the performance needed to sustain high token
throughput, the efficiency required to operate within real-world power constraints and a
simplified architecture built without the overhead and complexity of x86 processors.

Extending the Arm Platform into Production Silicon

To help partners move faster in this new environment, Arm is introducing the Arm AGI CPU,
which is expected to be the foundation for agentic data centers. The expansion into silicon

products provides the ecosystem with greater flexibility in how they build and deploy Arm-
based infrastructure — whether licensing Arm IP, adopting Arm CSS, or deploying Arm-
designed silicon.

The Arm AGI CPU delivers:

• Performance: Up to 136 Arm Neoverse V3 cores per CPU, delivering leading performance per
core, SoC, blade and rack*, with 6GB/s memory bandwidth per core at sub-100ns latency.

• Scale: 300-watt TDP with a dedicated core per program thread enables deterministic
performance under sustained load, eliminating throttling and idle threads.

• Efficiency: Supports high-density 1U server chassis’ supporting air-cooled deployments
with up to 8,160 cores per rack, and liquid-cooled systems delivering 45,000+ cores per
rack.

These capabilities translate into greater workload density, improved accelerator
utilization and more usable compute within existing power envelopes — critical advantages
as AI infrastructure scales. The Arm AGI CPU delivers more than 2x performance per rack
versus x86 CPUs, enabling up to $10B in CAPEX savings per GW of AI data center capacity*.
                                                                                           
  Broad Ecosystem Support for Arm AGI CPU                                                  
                                                                                           
Meta serves as the lead partner and co-developer, leveraging Arm AGI CPU to optimize
infrastructure for its family of apps and working alongside Meta’s own custom silicon,
called Meta Training and Inference Accelerator (MTIA), enabling more efficient
orchestration in large-scale AI systems. Arm and Meta are committed to collaborating across
multiple generations of the Arm AGI CPU roadmap.

“Delivering AI experiences at global scale demands a robust and adaptable portfolio of
custom silicon solutions, purpose-built to accelerate AI workloads and optimize performance
across Meta’s platforms,” said Santosh Janardhan, head of infrastructure, Meta. “We worked
alongside Arm to develop the Arm AGI CPU to deploy an efficient compute platform that
significantly improves our data center performance density and supports a multi-generation
roadmap for our evolving AI systems.”

Alongside Meta, Arm has confirmed additional commercial momentum with partners including
Cerebras, Cloudflare, F5, OpenAI, Positron, Rebellions, SAP, and SK Telecom. These
customers will deploy the Arm AGI CPU for key agentic CPU use-cases including accelerator
management, control plane processing, and cloud and enterprise-based API, task and
application hosting.

To accelerate this ramp, Arm is partnering with lead OEMs and ODMs including ASRock Rack,
Lenovo, Quanta Computer, and Supermicro, with early systems available now and broader
availability expected in the second half of the year.

More than 50 leading companies across hyperscale, cloud, silicon, memory, networking,
software, system design and manufacturing are supporting the expansion of the Arm compute
platform into silicon. That momentum includes industry leaders such as AWS, Broadcom,

Google, Marvell, Micron, Microsoft, NVIDIA, Samsung, SK Hynix and TSMC, alongside many
others.
                                                                                           
  A New Era for the Arm Compute Platform                                                   
                                                                                           
For decades, the industry has built on the Arm compute platform through its industry-
leading IP and, more recently, Arm CSS, grounded in a foundation of high-performance,
power-efficient computing. The expansion into production silicon with the Arm AGI CPU marks
the next phase of that evolution — extending Arm into data center silicon and bringing its
power-efficient architecture to AI infrastructure at scale.

Ecosystem support:

Click here to view supporting quotes from more than 50 leading ecosystem players:

Advantest, Altera, AMI, Amazon Web Services, Amkor, Arista, ASRock Rack, ASE Holdings,
Broadcom, Bristol Centre for Supercomputing, Cadence, Canonical, Cerebras, Cisco,
Cloudflare, Databricks, F5, Furiosa, GitHub, Google Cloud, Hugging Face, Intel Foundry,
Lenovo, Marvell, MediaTek, Meta, Micron, Microsoft Azure, MongoDB, NVIDIA, NXP, Open AI
(OAI), Open Compute Project, Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI), Positron, Red Hat,
Rebellions, Redis, Samsung, SAP, Siemens, SK Hynix, SK Telecom, Snowflake, Socionext (SNI),
ST Micro, StatsChipPac, SUSE, SuperMicro, Synopsys, TSMC, VMWare.

Supporting quotes include:
                                                                                           
  AWS                                                                                      
                                                                                           
"Back in 2009, I first wrote about Arm becoming the next generation general purpose server
CPU. Over the last decade, we've partnered closely with Arm in building Graviton here at
AWS, and it's been a remarkable success - the majority of compute capacity AWS added to our
fleet in 2025 was powered by Graviton. This collaboration has been great for both
companies, and Graviton continues to deliver better price/performance for our customers.
Here's to celebrating with Arm and to our continued partnership delivering big for
customers." - James Hamilton, SVP and Distinguished Engineer, Amazon
                                                                                           
  Broadcom                                                                                 
                                                                                           
“As Broadcom builds the world's most capable XPU and networking solutions for hyperscalers
at the heart of the AI transformation, our partnership with Arm has enabled us to move with
unmatched intent and speed. By building on Arm’s power-efficient technology leadership, we
continue to deliver market-leading innovations that scale the most complex AI
infrastructure. The new Arm AGI CPU will further unlock the Arm ecosystem for a broad range
of customers, creating significant new opportunities for everyone building the future of
intelligence on Arm.” - Charlie Kawwas, Ph. D., President, Semiconductor Solutions Group,
Broadcom Inc.
                                                                                           
  Google                                                                                   
                                                                                           
“At Google Cloud, we are committed to delivering compute infrastructure that allows
customers to maximize performance, reduce costs, and meet sustainability goals. Google’s
custom Axion CPUs, built on the Arm architecture, provide organizations with the energy
efficiency and scalability required to support modern cloud-native and AI-driven workloads.
CPU innovation with Arm’s new AGI CPU can unlock a new generation of purpose-built compute
capabilities across the industry.” - Amin Vahdat, SVP & Chief Technologist, AI
Infrastructure, Google
                                                                                           
  Marvell                                                                                  
                                                                                           
“As AI workloads grow in scale and complexity, advances in compute, connectivity, and data
center infrastructure must evolve to support the insatiable demand for AI. The new AGI CPU
provides more options for the Arm ecosystem and broadens the accessibility of compute to a
new set of customers. Marvell brings leadership in custom compute, end-to-end connectivity,
and accelerated infrastructure technologies that power modern data centers, and we are
proud to partner with Arm to enable the next generation of AI infrastructure.”
                                                                                           
  - Matt Murphy, Chairman and CEO, Marvell                                                 
                                                                                           
                                                                                           
  Micron                                                                                   
                                                                                           
“As AI systems become more autonomous and data‑intensive, performance is no longer defined
by compute alone, but by how efficiently compute and memory work together. That’s why our
longstanding partnership with Arm is so important. Today’s announcement of the Arm AGI CPU
is a significant milestone, opening new opportunities for system‑level innovation when
paired with Micron’s leading memory and storage portfolio.” - Sanjay Mehrotra, Chairman,
President and CEO, Micron Technology
                                                                                           
  Microsoft Azure                                                                          
                                                                                           
“Arm’s AGI CPU and ongoing CSS investments strengthen the Arm ecosystem for the next wave
of AI and cloud workloads. Microsoft's Azure Cobalt family of CPUs, built on Neoverse CSS,
is a key part of how we optimize every layer of our stack to deliver high performance and
efficient infrastructure for our customers.” - Rani Borkar, President, Azure Hardware
Systems and Infrastructure, Microsoft
                                                                                           
  NVIDIA                                                                                   
                                                                                           
“Our partnership began nearly two decades ago and since then, Arm’s adaptability has made
it possible for us to integrate Arm across all of our platforms and for all different
phases of AI. Together we’re creating one seamless platform, from cloud to edge to AI
factories. We look forward to building the future with Arm.” -
                                                                                           
  Jensen Huang, Founder and CEO of NVIDIA.                                                 
                                                                                           
                                                                                           
  Samsung                                                                                  
                                                                                           
“As AI workloads rise, performance gains will increasingly depend on tight co-optimization
across logic, memory, and advanced packaging technologies. Samsung's broad semiconductor
capabilities and long-term collaboration with compute leaders like Arm position us to
support next-generation AI platforms at scale. Purpose-built AI compute platforms like the
Arm AGI CPU create new opportunities for deeper collaboration across silicon design, memory
integration, and manufacturing innovation with cutting-edge process technology, making this
an important milestone for the ecosystem.” - Young Hyun Jun, Vice Chairman and CEO of
Samsung Electronics
                                                                                           
  SK Hynix                                                                                 
                                                                                           
“SK Hynix has a long history of collaborating with industry leaders to support high-
performance computing and accelerate innovation for global customers. As AI datacenters
evolve, platforms designed for AI workloads must be supported by advanced memory
technologies that deliver the capacity and bandwidth required for modern applications. The
introduction of purpose-built AI compute with the Arm AGI CPU is an important milestone for
the ecosystem, and we look

forward to continued partnership with Arm to advance the next generation of AI-driven
infrastructure.”
                                                                                           
  - Noh-Jung Kwak, CEO, SK Hynix                                                           
                                                                                           
                                                                                           
  TSMC                                                                                     
                                                                                           
"Datacenter AI workloads are evolving, and we are seeing more demand than ever for
efficient, scalable compute, driving deeper collaboration across every layer of the
ecosystem—from silicon design to manufacturing innovation. As the Arm AGI CPU manufacturer,
we are excited to support this breakthrough platform. By leveraging our advanced 3nm
process technology, the new Arm AGI CPU delivers significant performance and energy
efficiency and is expected to play an important role in enabling the next generation of AI
infrastructure across the datacenter ecosystem." -
                                                                                           
  Dr. Kevin Zhang, SVP and Deputy Co-COO at TSMC                                           
                                                                                           
                                                                                           
  About Arm                                                                                
                                                                                           
Arm is the industry’s highest-performing and most power-efficient compute platform with
unmatched scale that touches 100 percent of the connected global population. To meet the
insatiable demand for compute, Arm is delivering advanced solutions that allow the world’s
leading technology companies to unleash the unprecedented experiences and capabilities of
AI. Together with the world’s largest computing ecosystem and 22 million software
developers, we are building the future of AI on Arm.

All information is provided “as is” and without warranty or representation. This document
may be shared freely, attributed and unmodified. Arm is a registered trademark of Arm
Limited (or its subsidiaries or affiliates). All brands or product names are the property
of their respective holders. © 1995-2026 Arm Limited.
                                                                                           
  Forward-looking Statements                                                               
                                                                                           
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
All statements other than statements of historical fact could be deemed forward-looking
statements, including without limitation, statements relating to our growth opportunities
and platform expansion, opportunities arising from the continued adoption of artificial
intelligence (AI) technologies, including the growth of AI data centers and agentic AI;
market and industry trends; our TAM expectation, expansion and our being well positioned to
address such expanded opportunity; and our expectations for new AI data center capacity. In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as
“may,” “might,” “will,” “could,” “would,” “should,” “expect,” “is/are likely to,” “intend,”
“plan,” “objective,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” “target,”
“continue,” “ongoing” or similar words or phrases, or the negative of these words or
phrases. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
important factors that may cause Arm’s actual results, levels of activity, performance or
achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by these
forward-looking statements. There are many factors that could cause or contribute to such
differences, including, but not limited to, any of the following: Arm's dependence on the
semiconductor and electronics industries and the demand for the products of its customers;
Arm's dependence on the compatibility of its products with the manufacturing and design
processes of its customers; Arm's development of compute subsystems, chiplets, or

complete System-on-a-Chip (SoC) solutions as well as other more integrated compute
products; Arm's reliance on third parties to market and sell chips and end products
incorporating its products, as well as add value to its licensed products; Arm's dependence
on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of its revenue; the loss of any
of Arm's senior management personnel or one or more key employees or Arm's inability to
attract and retain qualified personnel; Arm's ability to adequately fund its research and
development efforts; risks related to the availability of development tools, systems
software, electronic design automation tools and operating systems compatible with its
architecture; Arm's ability to protect its proprietary products and its brand, and the
costs of protecting such intellectual property rights, particularly as a result of
litigation; Arm's ability to verify royalty amounts owed to it under its licensing
agreements; risks related to foreign exchange fluctuations; changes in Arm's effective tax
rate; risks associated with organic growth or growth from strategic investments or
acquisitions Arm makes, and the risk of failing to effectively manage its growth; risks
associated with the slow development of the market for Arm's connectivity, device and data
management platform; the possibility of cyberattacks, breaches of Arm's security controls
and unauthorized access to its data or a customer’s data; Arm's ability to satisfy data
protection, security, privacy or other government- and industry-specific requirements;
risks associated with the interests of SoftBank Group Corp., Arm's controlling shareholder,
conflicting with the interests of other holders of Arm's ordinary shares and American
depositary shares; and effects of global general economic conditions, political factors,
war or hostility, pandemics and other events outside of Arm's control and those discussed
in Arm’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 28, 2025. Any forward-looking statement in
this press release speaks only as of the date hereof, and Arm does not undertake any
obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after
the date of this press release except as required by applicable law. Arm cautions that you
should not place undue reliance on any of Arm’s forward-looking statements.

* Based on estimates.
                                                                                           
  Contacts                                                                                 
                                                                                           
Media

Arm External Communications

Global-PRteam@arm.com

Investors

Arm Investor Relations

Investor.Relations@arm.com