 Super Micro Computer Issues Statement on Action by U.S. Attorney’s  
                               Office                                
                                                                     
  SAN JOSE, Calif., March 19, 2026 —                                 
                                                                     
Super Micro Computer, Inc. (NASDAQ: SMCI) (“Supermicro” or the
“Company”) today issued the following statement:

Supermicro was informed today that the United States Attorney’s
Office for the Southern District of New York has unsealed an
indictment of three individuals associated with the Company in
connection with an alleged conspiracy to commit export-control
violations.

Supermicro is not named as a defendant in the indictment. The
individuals charged are Yih-Shyan “Wally” Liaw, Senior Vice President
of Business Development and a member of the Company’s Board of
Directors; Ruei-Tsang “Steven” Chang, a sales manager in Taiwan; and
Ting-Wei “Willy” Sun, a contractor. Supermicro has placed the two
employees on administrative leave and terminated its relationship
with the contractor, effective immediately.

The conduct by these individuals alleged in the indictment is a
contravention of the Company’s policies and compliance controls,
including efforts to circumvent applicable export control laws and
regulations. Supermicro maintains a robust compliance program and is
committed to full adherence to all applicable U.S. export and re-
export control laws and regulations.

The Company has been cooperating fully with the government’s
investigation and will continue to do so. Supermicro has not been
named as a defendant in the indictment.
                                                                     
  About Super Micro Computer, Inc.                                   
                                                                     
Supermicro (NASDAQ: SMCI) is a global leader in Application-Optimized
Total IT Solutions. Founded and operating in San Jose, California,
Supermicro is committed to delivering first-to-market innovation for
Enterprise, Cloud, AI, and 5G Telco/Edge IT Infrastructure. We are a
Total IT Solutions provider with server, AI, storage, IoT, switch
systems, software, and support services. Supermicro's motherboard,
power, and chassis design expertise further enables our development
and production, enabling next-generation innovation from cloud to
edge for our global customers. Our products are designed and
manufactured in-house (in the US, Taiwan, and the Netherlands),
leveraging global operations for scale and efficiency and optimized
to improve TCO and reduce environmental impact (Green Computing). The
award-winning portfolio of Server Building Block Solutions® allows
customers to optimize for their exact workload and application by
selecting from a broad family of systems built from our flexible and
reusable building blocks that support a comprehensive set of form
factors, processors, memory, GPUs, storage, networking, power, and
cooling solutions (air-conditioned, free air cooling or liquid
cooling).

Supermicro, Server Building Block Solutions, and We Keep IT Green are
trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Super Micro Computer, Inc.

All other brands, names, and trademarks are the property of their
respective owners.

Media Contact:

PR@supermicro.com
