Exhibit 99.1

NEWS RELEASE

INVESTOR CONTACT:

Tushar Jain

Synopsys, Inc.

650-584-4289

EDITORIAL CONTACT:

Cara Walker

Synopsys, Inc.

650-584-5000

Synopsys Initiates $250 Million Accelerated Share Repurchase
Agreement

SUNNYVALE, Calif.– Mar. 2, 2026 – . (Nasdaq: ) today announced that
it has entered into an
accelerated share repurchase agreement (ASR) with The Bank of Nova
Scotia to repurchase an aggregate of $250 million of Synopsys stock.

Under the
terms of the ASR, Synopsys will receive an aggregate initial share
delivery of approximately 513,000 shares, with the remainder, if any,
to be settled on or before June 1, 2026, upon completion of the
repurchases. The specific number of shares
that Synopsys ultimately repurchases under the ASR will be based on
the average of Synopsys’ daily volume-weighted average share prices
during the repurchase period, less a discount.

About Synopsys

Synopsys, Inc. (Nasdaq: SNPS) is the
leader in engineering solutions from silicon to systems, enabling
customers to rapidly innovate AI-powered products. We deliver
industry-leading silicon design, IP, simulation and analysis
solutions, and
design services. We partner closely with our customers across a wide
range of industries to maximize their R&D capability and
productivity, powering innovation today that ignites the ingenuity of
tomorrow. Learn more at .

1

©2026 Synopsys, Inc. All rights reserved. Synopsys, Ansys, the
Synopsys and Ansys logos, and other Synopsys trademarks are available
at https://www.synopsys.com/company/legal/trademarks-brands.html.
Other company or product names may be trademarks of their respective
owners.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains
certain forward-looking statements regarding the expected settlement
of the ASR. These statements involve risks, uncertainties, and other
factors that could cause our actual results, timeframes, or
achievements to differ materially from those
expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. Such risks,
uncertainties and factors include but are not limited to the market
price of Synopsys common stock during the repurchase period; the
ability of The Bank of Nova Scotia to buy or
borrow shares of Synopsys common stock; the impact of global and
regional economic and market conditions, including illiquidity and
other risks of instability in the banking and financial services
industry; and the risks more fully described in
filings Synopsys makes with the SEC from time to time, including in
the sections entitled “Risk Factors” in Synopsys’ latest Annual
Report on Form 10-K and latest Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.
Synopsys undertakes no duty to, and does not intend to, update any
forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, unless required by law.

2
