--- SOURCE INFO ---
Ticker: MU
Layer: LAYER_B
Period: Q4_2025
Date: 2025-10-03
Doc Type: annual_business
--- END INFO ---

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

This discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes for the year ended August 28, 2025. All period references are to our fiscal periods unless otherwise indicated. Our fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period ending on the Thursday closest to August 31. Fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023 each contained 52 weeks. All tabular dollar amounts are in millions, except per share amounts.

Overview

For an overview of our business, see Part I, Item 1. Business, Overview.

Industry Conditions

AI-driven demand is accelerating and is outpacing industry supply. In 2025, we benefited from substantial improvements in DRAM pricing, volumes and margins as compared to 2024, reflecting strong demand growth, driven in part by the continued advancement of AI. During 2025, we shifted a portion of our DRAM supply to the data center and hyperscale cloud markets to meet the strong demand fueled by AI, with emphasis on HBM products, resulting in a revenue mix weighted more prominently toward segments experiencing higher growth. The pivot to higher-growth segments, together with our strong execution, robust overall industry DRAM demand, and constrained supply, has led to improved profitability across our DRAM portfolio. In 2025, NAND revenue increased from 2024 on higher bit shipments due to demand growth. The 2025 NAND gross margin percentage increased from 2024 due to cost reductions. We continue to prudently manage our NAND business to ensure we align our supply growth and technology node cadence with our projections of the demand environment.

Throughout 2024, we experienced substantial improvements in pricing and margins due to improving market conditions as compared to 2023. Increasing demand growth, driven in part by deployment of AI and mostly normal customer inventories, combined with industry-wide supply discipline, resulted in an industry supply and demand balance that substantially improved from downturn conditions in memory and storage markets during 2023. In connection with improved market conditions in 2024, we reinstated our bonuses and phased out certain other temporary cost-saving measures that were implemented in 2023. 

In 2023, China’s Cyberspace Administration (the “CAC”) conducted a cybersecurity review of our products sold in China and decided that our products presented a cybersecurity risk. The CAC determined that critical information infrastructure operators in China may not purchase Micron products. The CAC decision has impacted our business, particularly in the domestic data center and networking markets in China, and we have been working to mitigate that impact.

51 | 2025 10-K



Results of Operations

Consolidated Results

For the year ended202520242023

Revenue$37,378 100 %$25,111 100 %$15,540 100 %

Cost of goods sold22,505 60 %19,498 78 %16,956 109 %

Gross margin14,873 40 %5,613 22 %(1,416)(9)%

Research and development3,798 10 %3,430 14 %3,114 20 %

Selling, general, and administrative1,205 3 %1,129 4 %920 6 %

Restructure and asset impairments39 — %1 — %171 1 %

Other operating (income) expense, net

61 — %(251)(1)%124 1 %

Operating income (loss)9,770 26 %1,304 5 %(5,745)(37)%

Interest income (expense), net19 — %(33)— %80 1 %

Other non-operating income (expense), net

(135)— %(31)— %7 — %

Income tax (provision) benefit

(1,124)(3)%(451)(2)%(177)(1)%

Equity in net income (loss) of equity method investees

9 — %(11)— %2 — %

Net income (loss)$8,539 23 %$778 3 %$(5,833)(38)%

Total Revenue: Total revenue was impacted by the factors described in the section titled “Industry Conditions” above. These conditions drove substantial improvements in average selling prices throughout 2025 and 2024.

Total revenue for 2025 increased 49% as compared to 2024 primarily due to increases in sales of both DRAM and NAND products.

•Sales of DRAM products increased 62% primarily due to a low-40% range increase in average selling prices and a mid-teen percentage increase in bit shipments.

•Sales of NAND products increased 18% primarily due to a high-teen percentage increase in bit shipments.

Total revenue for 2024 increased 62% as compared to 2023 primarily due to increases in sales of both DRAM and NAND products.

•Sales of DRAM products increased 60% primarily due to a mid-40% range increase in bit shipments and a low-teen percentage range increase in average selling prices.

•Sales of NAND products increased 72% primarily due to a low-30% range increase in bit shipments and a low-30% percentage range increase in average selling prices.

Consolidated Gross Margin: Our consolidated gross margin has been impacted by the factors described in the section titled “Industry Conditions” above and the effects of 2023 inventory write-downs on our 2024 and 2023 gross margin, as detailed in the table below. Our consolidated gross margin percentage improved to 40% for 2025 from 22% for 2024 as a result of improvements in margins for both DRAM and NAND products. DRAM margins improved primarily due to increases in average selling prices, an increased mix of higher-margin products, including HBM, and manufacturing cost reductions driven by improvements in product and process technology. NAND margins improved primarily due to manufacturing cost reductions. Our consolidated gross margin for 2024 reflected $987 million of benefit due to lower costs from the sale of inventories written down to their net realizable value in 2023 (as detailed in “Inventory NRV Write-Downs” below).

Our consolidated gross margin percentage improved to 22% for 2024 from negative 9% for 2023 as a result of improvements in margins for both DRAM and NAND products, primarily due to increases in average selling prices, manufacturing cost reductions, the effects of charges to write down inventories to their NRV in 2023, and lower costs in 2024 from the sale of inventories written down in 2023 (as detailed in “Inventory NRV Write-Downs” below).

  52

Inventory NRV Write-Downs: Our consolidated gross margin was impacted by charges in 2023 to write down inventories to their estimated NRV as a result of declines in average selling prices for both DRAM and NAND. As charges to write down inventories are recorded in advance of when inventories are sold, costs of goods sold in subsequent periods were lower than they otherwise would be. The impact of inventory NRV write-downs for each period reflects (1) inventory write-downs in that period, offset by (2) lower costs in that period on the sale of inventory written down in prior periods. The impacts of inventory NRV write-downs are summarized below:

For the year ended202520242023

Provision to write down inventory to NRV

$— $— $(1,831)

Lower costs from sale of inventory written down in prior periods

— 987 844 

$— $987 $(987)

Revenue by Business Unit

For the year ended202520242023

CMBU

$13,524 36 %$3,792 15 %$1,872 12 %

CDBU

7,229 19 %4,984 20 %2,124 14 %

MCBU

11,859 32 %11,667 46 %7,394 48 %

AEBU

4,753 13 %4,631 18 %4,139 27 %

All other

13 — %37 — %11 — %

 $37,378 $25,111 $15,540 

Percentages of total revenue may not total 100% due to rounding.

Changes in revenue for each business unit for 2025 as compared to 2024 were as follows:

•CMBU revenue increased 257% primarily due to increases in DRAM bit shipments and average selling prices driven by accelerating AI demand in cloud server markets for HBM, high-capacity dual in-line memory modules (“DIMMS”), and low-power server DRAM. During 2025, CMBU revenue benefited from a shift of our DRAM supply to meet the strong demand in high-value data center markets.

•CDBU revenue increased 45% primarily due to increases in average selling prices for both data center DRAM and NAND and NAND bit shipments due to increased demand for data center SSDs.

•MCBU revenue increased 2% primarily due to increases in DRAM and NAND revenue. Increases in MCBU DRAM sales due to higher average selling prices were partially offset by decreases in bit shipments as MCBU product supply was constrained to meet demand from higher-value segments. Increases in NAND sales due to higher bit shipments were partially offset by decreases in NAND average selling prices.

•AEBU revenue increased 3% primarily due to increases in DRAM and NAND bit shipments, partially offset by declines in average selling prices for both DRAM and NAND as a result of pricing pressure for certain legacy products.

Changes in revenue for each business unit for 2024 as compared to 2023 were as follows:

•CMBU revenue increased 103% driven by increases in DRAM bit shipments and average selling prices.

•CDBU revenue increased 135% primarily due to increases in NAND and DRAM bit shipments and average selling prices.

•MCBU revenue increased 58% primarily due to increases in DRAM and NAND bit shipments and average selling prices for both mobile and client markets.

•AEBU revenue increased 12% primarily due to increases in DRAM bit shipments, partially offset by declines in average selling prices.

53 | 2025 10-K

Operating Income (Loss) by Business Unit

For the year ended202520242023

CMBU

$6,129 45 %$244 6 %$(768)(41)%

CDBU

2,180 30 %255 5 %(563)(27)%

MCBU

1,981 17 %(1)— %(3,189)(43)%

AEBU

557 12 %432 9 %680 16 %

All other

(1)(8)%18 49 %8 73 %

 $10,846 $948 $(3,832)

Percentages reflect operating income (loss) as a percentage of revenue for each business unit.

Changes in operating income or loss for each business unit for 2025 as compared to 2024 were as follows:

•CMBU operating income increased primarily due to higher bit shipments and increases in average selling prices driven by robust AI demand in cloud server markets, particularly for HBM, DIMMs, and low-power server DRAM products. CMBU operating income benefited from a shift of our DRAM supply to meet the strong demand in high-value data center markets. These improvements were partially offset by higher R&D expenses.

•CDBU operating income increased primarily due to increases in data center average selling prices, higher bit shipments, and manufacturing cost reductions.

•MCBU operating income (loss) improved primarily due to increases in DRAM average selling prices, manufacturing cost reductions, and higher NAND bit shipments, partially offset by decreases in NAND average selling prices. MCBU operating income (loss) was also adversely impacted by decreases in DRAM bit shipments as MCBU product supply was constrained to meet demand from higher-value segments.

•AEBU operating income increased primarily due to manufacturing cost reductions and higher bit shipments, partially offset by declines in average selling prices.

Changes in operating income or loss for each business unit for 2024 as compared to 2023 were as follows:

•CMBU operating income (loss) improved primarily due to higher bit shipments, increases in average selling prices, and manufacturing cost reductions.

•CDBU operating income (loss) improved primarily due to higher NAND and DRAM bit shipments, increases in average selling prices, and manufacturing cost reductions, partially offset by higher R&D expenses.

•MCBU operating income (loss) improved primarily due to increases in average selling prices, higher bit shipments, and manufacturing cost reductions.

•AEBU operating income decreased primarily due to declines in average selling prices, partially offset by manufacturing cost reductions and higher bit shipments.

Operating Expenses and Other

Research and Development: R&D expenses vary primarily with the number of development and pre-qualification wafers processed and end-product solutions developed, personnel costs, and the cost of advanced equipment dedicated to new product and process development. Because of the lead times necessary to manufacture our products, we typically begin to process wafers before completion of performance and reliability testing. Development of a product is deemed complete when it is qualified through internal reviews and tests for performance, functionality, and reliability. R&D expenses can vary significantly depending on the timing of product qualification and product specifications. 

R&D expenses for 2025 increased 11% as compared to 2024 primarily due to increases in employee compensation, depreciation expense, and higher volumes of development and pre-qualification wafers. R&D expenses for 2024 increased 10% as compared to 2023 primarily due to an increase in employee compensation and higher volumes of development and pre-qualification wafers, partially offset by an increase in government incentives.

Selling, General, and Administrative: SG&A expenses for 2025 increased 7% as compared to 2024 primarily due to an increase in employee compensation and professional services. SG&A expenses for 2024 increased 23% as compared to 2023 primarily due to an increase in employee compensation. 

  54

Interest Income (Expense), Net: Interest income (expense) improved in 2025 as compared to 2024 primarily due to decreases in interest expense as a result of increased capitalized interest driven by higher levels of building construction, partially offset by decreases in interest income due to lower interest rates on our cash and investments. Interest income (expense) deteriorated for 2024 as compared to 2023 primarily due to increases in interest expense as a result of higher interest rates on our debt, partially offset by increases in interest income due to higher interest rates on our cash and investments.

Income Taxes: Our income tax (provision) benefit consisted of the following:

For the year ended202520242023

Income (loss) before taxes$9,654 $1,240 $(5,658)

Income tax (provision) benefit(1,124)(451)(177)

Effective tax rate11.6 %36.4 %(3.1)%

The change in our effective tax rate for 2025 as compared to 2024, and for 2024 as compared to 2023, were primarily due to changes in profitability. Despite a consolidated pre-tax loss on a worldwide basis in 2023, we had taxes payable in certain geographies due to minimum taxable income reportable in those geographies. 

We operate in a number of jurisdictions outside the United States, including Singapore, where we have tax incentive arrangements. These incentives expire, in whole or in part, at various dates through 2034 and are conditional, in part, upon meeting certain business operations and employment thresholds. The effect of tax incentive arrangements reduced our tax provision by $1.05 billion (benefiting our diluted earnings per share by $0.93) for 2025. As a result of the low level of profitability and the jurisdictional mix of income, the benefit from tax incentive arrangements was not material for 2024 or 2023.

On July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (“OBBBA”) was enacted, introducing broad changes to the U.S. tax code, including modifications to corporate and international tax provisions, which primarily are effective for us beginning in 2026 and 2027. The aggregate impact of the OBBBA remains uncertain. We will continue to monitor future developments, including regulatory guidance and interpretations, which could have a material impact. Further changes in the tax laws of foreign jurisdictions could arise as a result of the base erosion and profit-shifting project, including Pillar Two Model Rules (“Pillar Two”), undertaken by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. On November 27, 2024, Singapore enacted legislation to implement Pillar Two, which will apply to us starting in 2026. We continue to monitor for additional guidance and legislative changes related to Pillar Two in the jurisdictions where we operate.

Various tax reforms are being considered in multiple jurisdictions that, if enacted, contain provisions that could materially impact our tax expense. We continue to monitor the potential impact of these various tax reform proposals to our overall global effective tax rate and financial statements.

Other: Further information can be found in the following notes contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements:

•Note 12. Debt

•Note 18. Equity Compensation Plans

•Note 22. Restructure and Asset Impairments

•Note 23. Other Operating (Income) Expense, Net 

•Note 24. Other Non-Operating Income (Expense), Net

•Note 25. Income Taxes

55 | 2025 10-K

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations and financing obtained from capital markets and financial institutions. Cash generated from operations is highly dependent on selling prices for our products, which can vary significantly from period to period. Cash and marketable investments totaled $11.94 billion as of August 28, 2025, and $9.15 billion as of August 29, 2024. Our cash and investments consist primarily of bank deposits, money market funds, and liquid investment-grade, fixed-income securities, which are diversified among industries and individual issuers. To mitigate credit risk, we invest through high-credit-quality financial institutions and by policy generally limit the concentration of credit exposure by restricting the amount of investments with any single obligor. As of August 28, 2025, $5.20 billion of our cash and marketable investments was held by our foreign subsidiaries.

We continuously evaluate alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. We expect to engage in a variety of financing transactions, from time to time, for such purposes, as well as to refinance our existing indebtedness, including the issuance of securities. As of August 28, 2025, $3.50 billion was available to draw under our Revolving Credit Facility. Funding of certain significant capital projects is also dependent on the receipt of government incentives. Our incentives are conditioned upon achieving or maintaining certain outcomes and satisfying compliance requirements and are subject to reduction, termination, or clawback.

To develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality, we must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment, and R&D. We estimate capital expenditures for property, plant, and equipment, net of proceeds from government incentives, to be approximately $4.5 billion in first quarter of 2026. While quarterly expenditures may fluctuate, this level serves as a reasonable quarterly baseline for the planned capital expenditures for 2026. Actual amounts for 2026 will vary depending on market conditions and may vary from quarter to quarter due to the timing of expenditures and proceeds from government incentives. As of August 28, 2025, we had purchase obligations of approximately $1.77 billion for the acquisition of property, plant, and equipment, substantially all of which is expected to be paid within one year. For a description of other contractual obligations, such as leases, debt, and commitments, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 9. Leases, as well as Note 12. Debt and Note 13. Commitments. 

In addition to the supply capacity we generate through our proprietary product and process technology that increases bit density per wafer, we will need to add new DRAM wafer capacity to support projected memory demand in the second half of the decade. Following the enactment of the CHIPS Act, we announced plans to invest in leading-edge memory manufacturing sites in Idaho and New York, based on CHIPS Act support through grants and investment tax credits. 

As part of this plan, in September 2022, we broke ground on a leading-edge memory manufacturing fab in Boise, Idaho. Construction of the fab began in October 2023, with first DRAM wafer output projected in the second half of calendar 2027. In June 2025, in connection with certain amendments to our CHIPS Act agreements, we announced plans for a second leading-edge memory manufacturing fab in Idaho to serve growing market demand fueled by AI. 

Our announced plan for New York includes construction of a leading-edge DRAM memory manufacturing site, consisting of up to four fabs to be built over the next 20-plus years, in Clay, New York. We continue to work with state and federal authorities for approval to start ground preparation, and anticipate production to ramp after the completion of the second Idaho fab. We expect these new fabs to be key to meeting our requirements for additional wafer capacity, in line with industry demand trends and our objective of maintaining stable bit share.

On December 9, 2024, we entered into direct funding agreements with the U.S. Department of Commerce for up to $6.1 billion in direct funding pursuant to the CHIPS Act for a planned fab in Boise, Idaho, and two planned fabs in Clay, New York. On June 11, 2025, we entered into amendments to the direct funding agreements to add a second planned fab in Boise, Idaho, and allocate certain award funding from the $6.1 billion grants previously awarded to the second planned Idaho fab. The direct funding for up to $6.1 billion remains unchanged. On June 11, 2025, we also entered into a direct funding agreement with the U.S. Department of Commerce for up to $275 million in direct funding to expand and modernize our fab in Manassas, Virginia. The grants under the funding agreements represent total CHIPS Act grants of up to $6.4 billion in connection with our U.S. manufacturing expansion and modernization projects. In addition, we announced plans to bring advanced HBM packaging capabilities to the U.S.

  56

In addition to the CHIPS Act direct funding, we receive a 35% investment tax credit on qualified investments in U.S. semiconductor manufacturing under the CHIPS Act. We have also signed a non-binding term sheet with the State of New York that provides for up to $5.5 billion in funding for the planned four-fab facility over the next 20-plus years through a combination of tax credits for qualified capital investments and incentives for eligible new job wages.

Outside the U.S., we are investing in manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment, and R&D, and advancing our global back-end assembly and test network. These investments support our product portfolio and extend our ability to meet global market demand in the future. Planned investments and those underway include the following:

•India: our construction is progressing for the assembly and test facility in Gujarat to address demand in the latter half of this decade;

•Japan: we are modernizing our Hiroshima manufacturing facility to support the production of DRAM using EUV lithography;

•Singapore: we broke ground on an HBM advanced packaging facility to meaningfully expand our total advanced packaging capacity beginning in calendar 2027; and

•Taiwan: we are modernizing our production capacity for DRAM and HBM products to meet rising market demand.

See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 20. Government Incentives.

Our Board of Directors has authorized the discretionary repurchase of up to $10 billion of our outstanding common stock through open-market purchases, block trades, privately-negotiated transactions, derivative transactions, and/or pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. The repurchase authorization has no expiration date, does not obligate us to acquire any common stock, and is subject to market conditions, restrictions applicable under our CHIPS Act direct funding agreements, and our ongoing determination of the best use of available cash. Through August 28, 2025, we had repurchased an aggregate of $7.19 billion under the authorization. See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 15. Equity, as well as Note 20. Government Incentives.

On September 23, 2025, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.115 per share, payable in cash on October 21, 2025, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on October 3, 2025. The declaration and payment of any future cash dividends are at the discretion and subject to the approval of our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors’ decisions regarding the amount and payment of dividends will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, business conditions, debt service obligations, contractual restrictions, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant.

We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, funding from government incentives, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future.

Cash Flows

For the year ended202520242023

Net cash provided by operating activities$17,525 $8,507 $1,559 

Net cash used for investing activities

(14,087)(8,309)(6,191)

Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities(850)(1,842)4,983 

Effect of changes in currency exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash6 40 (34)

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash$2,594 $(1,604)$317 

Operating Activities: Cash provided by operating activities reflects net income (loss) adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation expense, amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation, inventory write-downs, and asset impairments, and the effects of changes in operating assets and liabilities. 

57 | 2025 10-K

The increase in cash provided by operating activities for 2025 as compared to 2024 was primarily due to higher net income in 2025 adjusted for non-cash items, the effect of changes in receivables and accounts payable and accrued expenses, and a decrease in inventory, partially offset by a decrease in other current liabilities.

The increase in cash provided by operating activities for 2024 as compared to 2023 was primarily due to net income in 2024 adjusted for non-cash items, the effect of an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses, and an increase in other current liabilities largely due to customer prepayments to secure product supply, partially offset by an increase in receivables. 

Investing Activities: For 2025, net cash used for investing activities consisted primarily of $15.86 billion of expenditures for property, plant, and equipment and $192 million of net outflows from purchases, maturities, and sales of available-for-sale securities, partially offset by $2.01 billion of proceeds from government incentives to offset capital expenditures.

For 2024, net cash used for investing activities consisted primarily of $8.39 billion of expenditures for property, plant, and equipment, and $205 million of net outflows from purchases, maturities, and sales of available-for-sale securities, partially offset by $315 million of proceeds from government incentives to offset capital expenditures.

For 2023, net cash used for investing activities consisted primarily of $7.68 billion of expenditures for property, plant, and equipment, partially offset by $710 million of proceeds from government incentives to offset capital expenditures, and $868 million of net inflows from maturities, sales, and purchases of available-for-sale securities.

Financing Activities: For 2025, net cash used for financing activities consisted primarily of $4.62 billion of repayments of debt, which included the prepayment of the 2026 Notes, 2026 Term Loan A, 2027 Notes, 2027 Term Loan A, and a portion of the 2029 Term Loan A borrowings; and $522 million for payments of dividends to shareholders; partially offset by approximately $4.43 billion of proceeds from the issuance of the 2029 Term Loan A, 2032 Notes, 2035 A Notes, and 2035 B Notes. See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 12. Debt.

For 2024, net cash used for financing activities consisted primarily of $1.90 billion of repayments of debt, which included the prepayment of the 2024 Term Loan A and the 2025 Term Loan A borrowings, $513 million for payments of dividends to shareholders, $300 million for the acquisition of 3.2 million shares of our common stock under our share repurchase authorization, and $149 million of payments on equipment purchase contracts, partially offset by approximately $1.00 billion of proceeds from the issuance of the 2031 Notes.

For 2023, net cash provided by financing activities consisted primarily of $3.20 billion of proceeds from our 2025, 2026, and 2027 Term Loan A borrowings, $1.27 billion from the issuance of the 2029 B Notes, $896 million from the issuance of the 2033 B Notes, $749 million from the issuance of the 2033 A Notes, and $599 million from the issuance of the 2028 Notes. Cash used for financing activities included $761 million for repayments of debt, $504 million for payments of dividends to shareholders, $425 million for the acquisition of 8.6 million shares of our common stock under our share repurchase authorization, and $138 million of payments on equipment purchase contracts.

Critical Accounting Estimates

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosures. Estimates and judgments are based on historical experience, forecasted events, and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Estimates and judgments may vary under different assumptions or conditions and involve a significant level of uncertainty. We evaluate our estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. Our management believes the accounting policies below are critical in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management’s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments.

  58

Contingencies: We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies. Significant judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of potential losses. An accrual is made when a potential loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. When accounting for the resolution of contingencies, significant judgment may be necessary to determine whether losses pertain to previous, current, or future periods impacting the recognition timing to results of operations.

Goodwill: We test goodwill for impairment in our fourth quarter each year, or more frequently if indicators of an impairment exist, to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit with goodwill is less than its carrying value. For reporting units for which this assessment concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value is more than its carrying value, goodwill is considered not impaired, and we are not required to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. Qualitative factors considered in this assessment include industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, and other relevant events and factors affecting the fair value of the reporting unit. For reporting units for which this assessment concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value is below the carrying value, goodwill is tested for impairment by determining the fair value of each reporting unit and comparing it to the carrying value of the net assets assigned to the reporting unit. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is considered not impaired. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we recognize an impairment loss up to the difference between the carrying value and implied fair value. We recognized a charge of $101 million in 2023 to impair all of the goodwill assigned to our former Storage Business Unit reporting unit based on our quantitative assessment for impairment. As a result of reorganizing our segments in the fourth quarter of 2025, we performed a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment for each of our reporting units immediately before and after our business unit reorganization. We concluded based on both our pre- and post-reorganization impairment tests that goodwill was not impaired. 

Determining when to test for impairment, the reporting units, the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, and the fair value of the reporting unit requires significant judgment and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates, forecasted manufacturing costs, and other expenses and are developed as part of our long-range planning process. The same estimates are used in business planning, forecasting, and capital budgeting as part of our long-term manufacturing capacity analysis. These estimates and assumptions are used to calculate projected future cash flows for the reporting unit, which are discounted using a risk-adjusted rate to estimate a fair value. The discount rate requires determination of appropriate market comparables. We base fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. Actual future results may differ from those estimates. We assess the reasonableness of our methodology, forecasts, and assumptions by comparing the aggregate calculated fair value of our reporting units to our market capitalization.

Government incentives: We receive incentives from governmental entities related to capital expenditures, expenses, and other activities. The government incentives we receive may require that we meet or maintain specified spending levels and other operational metrics and may be subject to reimbursement if such conditions are not met or maintained. Failure to comply with these terms and conditions could result in termination of incentive programs or clawbacks of incentive amounts received. 

Government incentives are recognized in the financial statements based on the underlying principal criteria for earning the incentives when there is reasonable assurance that the conditions of the government incentives are met and the incentive will be received. Incentives related to the acquisition or construction of property, plant and equipment are recognized as a reduction in the carrying amounts of the related assets and as a reduction of subsequent depreciation expense over the useful lives of the assets. Incentives related to specific operating activities are offset against the related expense in the period the expense is incurred. For each project, we estimate the total expected project costs and recognize a proportionate benefit as qualified project costs are incurred. As the estimated total expected qualified project cost changes, we adjust our estimate of the recognized proportionate benefit.

59 | 2025 10-K

Income taxes: We are required to estimate our provision for income taxes and amounts ultimately payable or recoverable in numerous tax jurisdictions around the world. These estimates involve significant judgment and interpretations of regulations and are inherently complex. Resolution of income tax treatments in individual jurisdictions may not be known for many years after completion of the applicable year. We are also required to evaluate the realizability of our deferred tax assets on an ongoing basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires an assessment of our performance and other relevant factors. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income. Our income tax provision or benefit is dependent, in part, on our ability to forecast future taxable income in Japan, Malaysia, the United States, and other jurisdictions. Such forecasts are inherently difficult and involve significant judgments including, among others, projecting future average selling prices and sales volumes, manufacturing and overhead costs, levels of capital spending, and other factors that significantly impact our analyses of the amount of net deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized.

Inventories: Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost being determined on a first-in, first-out (“FIFO”) basis. Cost includes depreciation, labor, material, and overhead costs, including product and process technology costs. Determining net realizable value of finished goods and work in process inventories involves significant judgments, including projecting future average selling prices, future sales volumes, and future cost per part. To project average selling prices and sales volumes, we review recent sales volumes, existing customer orders, current contract prices, industry analyses of supply and demand, and general economic trends. To project cost per part, we review trends and historical results and consider known changes in our cost structure as applicable. Actual selling prices may vary significantly from projected prices due to the volatile nature of the semiconductor memory and storage markets. When these analyses reflect estimated net realizable values below our manufacturing costs, we record a charge to cost of goods sold in advance of when inventories are actually sold. As a result, the timing of when product costs are charged to costs of goods sold can vary significantly. Differences in future average selling prices used in calculating lower of cost or net realizable value adjustments can result in significant changes in the estimated net realizable value of finished goods and work in process inventories and accordingly the amount of write-down recorded. For example, a 5% decrease in future average selling prices would have changed the estimated net realizable value of our finished goods and work in process inventories by approximately $750 million as of August 28, 2025.

U.S. GAAP provides for products to be grouped into categories in order to compare costs to net realizable values. The amount of any inventory write-down can vary significantly depending on the determination of inventory categories. We review the major characteristics of product type and markets in determining the unit of account for which we perform the lower of cost or net realizable value analysis and categorize all inventories (including DRAM, NAND, and other memory) as a single group.

Property, plant, and equipment: We periodically assess the estimated useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment based on technology node transitions, capital spending, and equipment re-use rates. We also review the carrying value of property, plant, and equipment for impairment when events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and/or disposition. In cases where undiscounted expected future cash flows are less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the assets. The estimate of future cash flows involves numerous assumptions which require significant judgment by us, including, but not limited to, future use of the assets for our operations versus sale or disposal of the assets, future selling prices for our products, and future production and sales volumes. 

Revenue recognition: Revenue is primarily recognized at a point in time when control of the promised goods is transferred to our customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods. Contracts with our customers are generally short-term in duration at fixed, negotiated prices with payment generally due shortly after delivery. We estimate a liability for returns using the expected value method based on historical returns. In addition, we generally offer price protection to our distributors, which is a form of variable consideration that decreases the transaction price. We use the expected value method, based on historical price adjustments and current pricing trends, to estimate the amount of revenue recognized from sales to distributors. Differences between the estimated and actual amounts are recognized as adjustments to revenue.

  60

Recently Adopted Accounting Standards

See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2. Recently Adopted Accounting Standards.

Recently Issued Accounting Standards

See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 3. Recently Issued Accounting Standards.